b"Georgia 'downs two Russian warplanes' as countries move to brink of war"
b'Why wont America and Nato help us? If they wont help us now, why did we help them in Iraq?'
b'Remember that adorable 9-year-old who sang at the opening ceremonies? That was fake, too.'
b' U.S. refuses Israel weapons to attack Iran: report'
b'All the experts admit that we should legalise drugs '
b"Mom of missing gay man: Too bad he's not a 21-year-old cheerleader, then they'd still be looking for him"
b'In an Afghan prison, the majority of female prisoners are serving 20-year sentences for being victims of rape '
b"Man arrested and locked up for five hours after taking photo of police van ignoring 'no entry' sign"
b'Two elderly Chinese women have been sentenced to a year of re-education through labor after they sought a permit to demonstrate in an official Olympic protest area.'
b"British resident held in Guantanamo Bay wins legal battle to force Foreign Office to reveal 'torture' evidence"
b'Syria says its ready to put a Russian missile system on its soil as a counterweight to U.S. plans to deploy a missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic'
b"N Korea's Kim died in 2003; replaced by lookalike, says Waseda professor"
b'North Korea halts denuclearisation after US fails to remove them from list of states sponsoring terrorism.'
b'Photos of a 15-year-old Iraqi suicide bomber who gave herself up  '
b"Military help for Georgia is a 'declaration of war', says Moscow"
b'Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has accused the US of provoking the conflict in Georgia, possibly for domestic election purposes. '
b"A girl filmed Israeli soldiers' brutality. Since then, her family has been the victim of revenge attacks.  "
b'Poland Legalization of Marijuana - two majour steps in the right direction'
b'Security guards beat man at soccer (football) game, fans and players charge the field and beat them.'
b'In Jordan, the honor killings that are not: Women are murdered for other reasons, but when caught the guilty claim it is an honor killing to obtain lenient sentencing.'
b'A French judge has ordered two branches of Scientologists and their leaders to stand trial for fraud '
b'I love the world: Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej was forced to resign after a court said he had violated the Constitution by hosting a cooking show. Seriously.'
b'Dutch to ban burkas when picking children up from school'
b'American intelligence confirms that the latest military actions in South Ossetia were started by Georgia and Russias position in the conflict was correct'
b"OPEC finished??  Saudi Arabia says 'LATER!'"
b'Did Saakashvili Lie?: The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader'
b"Pakistani Tribesmen Representing Half A Million People Vowed To Switch Sides &amp; Join the Taliban If Americans Don't Stop Raids into Pakistan"
b'Attack on US embassy in Yemen leaves 16 dead'
b'6,200 babies sick: Milk scandal spreading '
b'Brits take a stand - ban short-selling of financial stocks'
b'Russian navy sails to Venezuela '
b'$US 13 billion of the money allocated for reconstruction projects in Iraq was wasted or stolen, with some of it ending up in al-Qaedas coffers'
b"Iran leader says 'American empire' near collapse"
b'Russian woman caught red-handed drinking orange juice in Dubai'
b'Japanese space tourist paid Space Adventures $21M to go to the ISS. They bumped him, sent one of their investors instead, and kept his money'
b'The Power Of Nightmares - BBC (Part 1)'
b'Gorbachev forms new Russian party opposing Putin'
b'"Fucking hell ... it\'s fucking Great Britain. It\'s 2008. I\'ve been to Soweto and I\'ve seen Aids orphans eating better than that."'
b'Mexican Farm Leader Dies After Lighting Himself on Fire in Protest'
b"US strikes 'kill 20 in Pakistan'"
b"Iceland. Sept 5/08 : UN's Best Country to Live '07.  Oct 5/08: Food hoarding begins, Currency rated just above Zimbabwe"
b'(Russia) "You won\'t buy our version of the war in Georgia? Fine, we won\'t buy your version of 9/11."'
b'Modern slavery in Dubai'
b'The Bush administration this month is quietly cutting off birth control supplies to some of the worlds poorest women in Africa.'
b'Icelandic Currency (ISK) loses 73% of its value in a single day. Yesterday, 1 USD = 92 ISK. Today, 1 USD = 418 ISK. '
b'EU Bans the Incandescent Light Bulb'
b'Russian Lawyer Who Defended Journalists Is Poisoned In France'
b'On behalf of the 64% of Canadians who did not vote for our new Conservative government, I apologize for what our country has done.'
b'Iceland has food stocks for about 3 to 5 weeks'
b'The Other Man On The Podium'
b'Coke Dealers Badass Party House w/ Private Zoo'
b"Britain's freedoms under threat from 'Big Brother security state', warns Director of Public Prosecutions"
b'US falls to 119th out of around 160 countries ranked by press freedoms outside its own territory, says Reporters Without Borders.'
b'Argentina nationalizes private pensions and acknowledges that they were an "enormous error\'\'. Argentina takes action to protect workers and retirees instead of banks. '
b'EU formally renews ties with Cuba '
b'BBC: Rampant Evidence That Georgia Committed War Crimes During Conflict With Russia'
b'Finnish e-voting system loses 2% of votes, has no paper trail'
b"I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Australian Friends Potential 'Internet Filter' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too!"
b'Out-of-office reply ends up on bilingual road sign in Wales'
b'British police ask for camera license!'
b'Every MP to receive a copy of Orwell\'s "Nineteen Eighty-Four"'
b'Kenya declares holiday for Obama'
b'London: Smokers to be banned from fostering children'
b'"People \'can\'t wait for ID cards\'" - WTF?  Why would anyone  (even if indifferent to the scheme) actually WANT an ID card?'
b"UK Judge asks media whether to release Guantanamo Bay 'torture' evidence"
b'IAEA: Documents linking Iran to nuclear weapons push may have been fabricated'
b"Sudan's President has announced an immediate ceasefire in Darfur."
b'"Now for being stupid and believing in witchcraft you will have to work much harder to recoup the money you gave us." Note left by Pyramid scheme operators to taunt angry victims.'
b'Russia "Ready to buy Iceland for good money".'
b'Putin: "I am going to hang Saakashvili by the balls. Why not? The Americans hanged Saddam Hussein." Sarkozy: "Yes, but do you want to end up like Bush?" Putin: "You have a point"'
b'Haitians are so desperate for food that many mothers wait to name their newborns because so many infants die of malnourishment'
b'India sinks Somali pirate ship'
b'Bush ignored by the other world leaders at the G20 meeting'
b'Denmark considers outlawing male circumcision on minors.'
b'Swiss Army bans vegetarians from fighting '
b'London Police boycott tasers "because of their potential to cause fear and damage public confidence"'
b'RIP Brenden Foster, the 11-year-old whose last wish was to feed the homeless.'
b'Live updates on Mumbai Blasts'
b"Mumbai photographer: I wish I'd had a gun, not a camera. Armed police would not fire back"
b'The U.K. will make it an offence, punishable by up to ten years imprisonment, to publish or elicit information about any police constable'
b'Brazil Announces Plan to Slow Amazon Deforestation by 70%'
b'"I fell in love with a female assassin..."'
b'Canadian Conservatives Suspend Parliament to Avoid Facing a Non-Confidence Vote '
b'False Flag?  One of the men arrested for illegally buying mobile phone cards used by gunmen in Mumbai attacks is a counter-insurgency police officer'
b"Chinese girl gets 'kiss of deaf'"
b'Canada: Wal-Mart tries to prevent employee unionization. Wal-Mart tries to go to Supreme Court. Wal-Mart loses.'
b'Escapee Tells of Horrors in North Korean Prison Camp'
b'The unrest that has gripped Greece is spilling over into the rest of Europe, raising concerns the clashes could be a trigger for opponents of globalization, disaffected youth and others ...'
b"President Mugabe, you are under arrest on charges of torture. Mugabe's jaw dropped. His face was contorted with fear."
b'Turks apologize for Armenian massacres'
b'Shoe-thrower faces up to 7yrs for "offending the head of a foreign state"'
b"Man applauds `shoe-ing' of Bush, arrested"
b'Chinese ship uses Molotov cocktails to fight off Somali pirates'
b'Scientist repeat 1962 Milgram test: More than 80% of people torture others when told to do so by an authority figure. Have we learned nothing?'
b'Man threatened with arrest under the Australian Anti-Terrorism Act for videoing police performing a search in public.'
b'American Express gets $3.39 Billion, Capital One gets $3.6 Billion, DIscover gets $1.2 Billion...Lets have the intrest rate for this money at 22.99% compounded monthly and with a $3 million late fee.'
b'Hell on Earth, this is a city of ShipBreakers. '
b'120 reportedly killed in Israeli strikes on Gaza'
b'Today Israel takes down an entire apt building of civilians to kill the family of one man. In Canada, we call that  terrorism.'
b'Greece: Union activist loses her eye in acid attack. Her supporters blockade company. Riot police "forced to run leaving shields, helmets and even shoes behind."'
b'Former Army Employee Pleads Guilty to Acting as Israeli Spy'
b'Australia refuses Bush administration request to house Guantanamo detainees'
b'Palestine Girl stands up to Israel Soldier '
b'Anyone know if this is true?'
b'You are being lied to about pirates'
b'Vatican: Gaza is a giant concentration camp'
b"Enough. It's time for a boycott"
b"The video the Israeli Army didn't want you to see "
b'Greece hinders US arms delivery to Israel'
b"UN headquarters in Gaza hit by Israeli 'white phosphorus' shells"
b'Vatican reveals list of worst sins. Desecrating the eucharist outranks genocide. That says it all.'
b'Israeli farmers beginning to feel the sting of worldwide boycott.'
b'Top Israeli officers warned against traveling in Europe because of the danger they might be arrested for war crimes. '
b'Huh? The NYTimes publishes an Op-Ed by Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi.  Strangely, it actually makes sense:  "The One-State Solution"'
b'No bailout - Russians get cheaper vodka instead. Government to cut alcohol taxes in half to help ease the citizens pain.'
b'UN human rights official Richard Falk (who is Jewish): Gaza evokes memories of Warsaw Ghetto; dismisses Israel\'s argument that the assault was for self-defense. Israel labels him "Israel hater".'
b'David Attenborough reveals creationist hate mail for not crediting God'
b'Dear Reddit, please give this some attention: Conflict and humanitarian crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo have taken the lives of 5.4 million people since 1998 and continue to leave as many as 45,000 dead every month'
b'Dubai in Deep Doo-Doo'
b'This is a picture of Gaza students back to school after the bombings. The cards mention the names [and ages] of the students who are not there anymore.'
b'...and I am to Blame?'
b'A protester has thrown a shoe at Wen Jiabao during a speech at Cambridge University and called the Chinese prime minister a "dictator".'
b"Israel admits to killing peace activist Doctor's daughters with tank fire but claims their actions were 'reasonable' "
b'India shocked as moral police beat girls out of pub'
b'UK House of Lords:  British Surveillance Greatest Threat to Democracy since Hitler'
b'Why Canada may be the financial capital of the world here shortly. '
b'Fires in Australia from The Big Picture'
b'Saudi judge sentences pregnant gang-rape victim to 100 lashes for committing adultery'
b'Christians in Jerusalem want Jews to stop spitting on them '
b'A teenage thief picked on the wrong victim when she tried to run off with a bag belonging to pensioner Jean Hirst - a former championship sprinter. '
b"Are you a bad enough dude to have the Russian government send afghan war veterans to hunt you down, and almost win if it wasn't for a godly sniper who shot you in the head while you were running through trees and smoke?"
b'Mexico just discovered oil "3.8 times its present known reserves, and half that of the Saudis" There goes your Electric vehicle progress.'
b'We are all extremists now - "The government is criminalising legitimate dissent under the guise of fighting \'extremism\', a word for which it has no definition."'
b'Israel at it again: They just seized 425 acres of Palestinian land to build a settlement for 2500 homes. They seriously are not interested in peace.'
b'Graph of historic financial collapses puts current crisis into perspective'
b'Legalize It: Ammiano to Introduce Legislation Monday to Allow Pot -- and Tax It'
b'The Anti-Bono: Please No More African Aid'
b'Man survives 10 days in ski mountain, spouse dies. Neither police nor search and rescue teams began ground searches until Tuesday, despite helicopter pilots twice reporting they saw an SOS symbol carved into the snow.'
b'Israel blocks pasta shipment to Gaza: "Is someone going to kill you with a piece of macaroni?" '
b'The United States has decided to boycott an upcoming UN conference on racism unless its final document is changed to drop all references to Israel'
b'Last night an asteroid (discovered only days ago) the size of a 10 story building moving 12 miles per second buzzed pass earth within 1/5 the distance to the moon.'
b"The worst 'good luck' card ever? "
b"Bigoted parents don't want to see disabled people on the telly"
b'Stop Bill C-15: Say No To Mandatory Jail Terms For Marijuana'
b'The Economist: "... the war on drugs has been a disaster.... the least bad policy is to legalise drugs"'
b'Kim Jong-Il wins re-election with 99.9% of the vote. In other news, 0.1% of North Koreans put into labor camps.'
b"UK would like to force the EU to end net neutrality. Can't you guys in Britain get your MPs under control?"
b'Iraqi jailed for 3 years for Bush shoe attack (could have been 15)'
b"Israel's 22-day offensive in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip killed 1,434 people, including 960 civilians, 239 police officers and 235 fighters"
b"What will Americans do when it's not an Arab woman wailing over a stricken figure, but an American woman?  Graphic video of the shooting of a 37-year-old Californian by an Israeli soldier during nonviolent protests yesterday."
b'Hello Wikileaks?  Huge UK Bank gags newspaper from revealing multi-million pound tax rort.'
b'Australian Government adds Wikileaks to banned website list '
b'Scenes from the recession'
b'"In a crowded civilian city, there are all sorts of people who cannot run away: the elderly, the disabled, the pregnant, the terrified. This soldier was told to kill them."'
b'[pic] Israeli tshirt: kill pregnant women, that way you kill two in one shot'
b'Doesnt it seem ironic that in a country with thousands of CCTV cameras, they want to shut down Google Street View because of privacy concerns?'
b'China bans Youtube.'
b"Mexico's drug war [pics]"
b'Defamation of "Religion" is now a Human Rights Violation'
b'Israeli lie machine goes into overdrive -- Israeli soldiers didn\'t actually shoot a woman and kids that went the wrong way, "warning shots" were exaggerated by other soldiers.  Does Israel actually think anybody anywhere buys this crap?'
b'Western internet censorship: The beginning of the end or the end of the beginning?'
b"If we don't kill them they'll die; the morbidly absurd prosecution of child pornography laws against teenage kids where the only possible victim was themselves"
b'I can see PALIN from my REDDIT!'
b"Spaniards grateful to Bill O'Reilly for promising not to visit Spain anymore."
b'Newspaper in Mideastern nation photoshops women out of photograph of government cabinet'
b'Dubai: How Not to Build a City'
b'The dark side of Dubai'
b'Mexican President Calderon: "It is impossible to pass tons of drugs to the US without some complicity of American authorities"'
b'Anti-government protesters in Tibet sentenced to death'
b'The film-maker Sir David Attenborough becomes a patron of a group seeking to cut the growth in human population. '
b'Overfishing to wipe out bluefin tuna: WWF'
b'Monsanto Uprooted: Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn'
b'London police are now deleting tourists\' photos because "photographing anything to do with transport is strictly forbidden." '
b'A poll of 60,000 Swedes showed that 89 per cent believed that the Pirate Bay founders should have been acquitted'
b'Israel decides to build a "Museum of Tolerance" atop a Muslim cemetery'
b'Redditors awarded for being homo heroes'
b'Israeli FM: "Believe me, America accepts all our decisions. The Obama Admin will put forth new peace initiatives only if Israel wants it to."'
b'Five men decide a 19 year-old is a coward, so they take him into a tent, strip him down, handcuff and hold him down, and indecently assault him while video and photographing the scene.  This setting is Afghanistan, but the players are all British soldiers.'
b'I think more people need to understand what waterboarding is. [VIDEO]'
b'The outbreak of swine flu should be renamed "Mexican" influenza in deference to Muslim and Jewish sensitivities over pork, said an Israeli health official Monday.'
b"Muslims dont care about Swine Flu being called Swine Flu.  The Israeli minister doesn't speak for us."
b'While everybody its talking about the flu, Mexico will legalize Drugs for personal use'
b'BREAKING NEWS: Attack on Dutch Royal family, car tries to hit royal bus at high speed, hits public'
b'"But a remarkable thing happened this week. On Monday, 400 of his fellow students, wearing black in solidarity and carrying signs of support, walked out of Keswick High School to rally in protest in front of their school."'
b'Saudi Arabia to consider banning marriage of girls under 18'
b'Brazilian cattle ranching company wants permission from the Paraguayan government to destroy the forest where the Ayoreo-Totobiegosode Indians live, one of the last uncontacted tribes in the world'
b'The Pirate Party becomes the third biggest party in Sweden by membership count'
b'The "Most Moral Army in the World (TM)" shoots peaceful protestor point blank on camera... and they still say the IDF does not intentionally target civilians'
b'Eric Arthur Blair  aka George Orwell must be proud:  Thought police muscle up in Britain'
b'Afghanistan passes law making it "illegal for a Shia Muslim woman to refuse to have sex with her husband, to leave the house without his permission or have custody of children." No wonder Canada is doubting whether the sacrifice of its soldiers lives is worth it.'
b'The PirateBay launches a D-DO$ attack. Wonderful, let us all join in and send a few dimes...'
b'Swedish Bank to Freeze Accounts of The Pirate Bay Admins'
b'"I was murdered by president Alvaro Colom"'
b' Unsung hero : The only reason we know anything about all those claims for light bulbs and moat cleaning is that campaigning journalist Heather Brooke has spent the last five years fighting tooth and nail for MPs to come clean about their expenses ...'
b'The leader of the Tamil Tiger rebels, Velupillai Prabhakaran, is dead'
b'The Belgian bodybuilding championship has been canceled after doping officials showed up and all the competitors fled.'
b"'Endemic' rape and abuse of Irish children in Catholic care, inquiry finds"
b'The Nigerian military has been accused of killing hundreds, maybe thousands, of civilians in the oil-rich Niger Delta. The military offensive began eight days ago but has received little international attention'
b'Tiananmen anniversary unimportant to Chinese youth :('
b'European Parliament in for a shock from The Pirate Party: "Our politicians are digital illiterates "'
b'Fuck: N Korea warns of possible military strike   -- "No longer bound by the 1953 armistice"'
b'16 year old Iraqi Immigrant cracks centuries-old mathematical puzzle'
b'The hidden massacre: More than 20,000 Tamil civilians were killed in the final throes of the Sri Lankan civil war, most as a result of government shelling'
b'An Air France aircraft carrying 215 people has disappeared off the radar in the Atlantic Ocean off Brazil'
b'Jaqui Smith finally fucking off, civil rights has a small respite and breathes a sigh of relief'
b'June 4th, 1989'
b'David Carradine Found Dead in Bangkok'
b"Warning: Sir Richard Dearlove is concerned about the loss of liberties in 'Big Brother' Britain The former head of MI6 has hit out at 'striking and disturbing' invasions of privacy by the Big Brother state. "
b'Pirate Party Wins and Enters The European Parliament | Torre'
b"Won't see this on CNN... Reddit what do you think about this?"
b'WTF: UK police are teaching children to spot terrorists -- More than 2,000 10 and 11-year-olds will see a short film, which urges them to tell the police, their parents or a teacher if they hear anyone expressing extremist views!'
b'"When Frank McGarahan saw a homeless man being beaten up, he stepped in - and paid for his courage with his life."'
b"Darkness falls. Berlusconi decree on wiretapping is the end of justice, press freedom and blogs in Italy. It's the night of democracy and too many are asleep"
b"'TV pictures from Tehran delivered a stark reminder that Iran is not a backward country of medieval fanatics, but a modern nation with 70 million people, two thirds of whom are under 30 and have the same interests and aspirations as their Western counterparts'"
b'Yall wanna see feminism? Patriotism? There you go. [Iranian Woman]'
b'The man who leaked the real election results from the Interior Ministry - the ones showing Ahmadinejad coming third - was killed in a suspicious car accident (11:00am Posting)'
b"It's the law and it's official. Vancouver, site of the 2010 Winter Olympics, has forbidden police to seize cameras unless part of an arrest, or a warrant has been issued."
b'Mistaken for a protester in Tehran, an officer grabbed me, pinned my arm behind my back and led me into the bowels of the Interior Ministry headquarters'
b'Another site showing pictures of protesters for Identification by the Basij! Help bring it down!'
b'URGENT New Video: MANY students shot &amp; killed by Basiji gun fire in Iran'
b'Iranian footballers who wore green armbands to support protesters forced to retire by hardline regime'
b'Unimaginable Horror In Tehran Today'
b'Screw You, Ahmadinejad! [pic]'
b'I am from Honduras: It was NOT a COUP!'
b'Iraq currently holding giant GTFO party'
b'Happy Canada Day!'
b"Scientology's Viral Marketing"
b'Uganda to outlaw female circumcision '
b"My friend in Honduras just sent me an email with videos and pictures of the military firing on peaceful protesters. I uploaded his eyewitness account for everyone to see. Please don't let this disappear, because no one else is reporting it."
b'Woman who falsely cried rape jailed for 1 year '
b'Australia town bans the sale of bottled water, first community in the world to do so'
b'It\'s Official, Ireland Makes Blasphemy Illegal.  Seriously.  Passed Wednesday, legislation making blasphemy illegal, with a 25,000-Euro fine.  Police may also enter homes and confiscate "blasphemous materials" including books, artwork, cartoons of Mohammed . . . whatever!  Book burnings next?'
b"Water wars break out in India. Bhopal (pop. 1.8 million) has been rationed to 30 minutes of water supply once every three days. Indore is half an hour's supply every seven days."
b"A new line of bottled water - this time not from the melting Alps, but rather from the contaminated ground near the site of the 1984 Bhopal catastrophe - scared Dow Chemical's London management team into hiding today."
b'Earthquake M7.8 off West coast of South Island New Zealand - Tsunami warning'
b'Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia.'
b'US troops and contractors caused substantial damage to the archeological site at Babylon, a city considered as one of the first civilizations on earth.'
b'Dear FSM, this is fucking terrible [sad]'
b"'Hello mum, this is going to be hard for you to read ...'"
b'Israeli cell phone ad shows friendly game of Israeli-Palestinian football over the Wall.  Palestinians test it out; kick ball over wall.  Salvo of tear gas grenades fired in return.   Includes video.   LOL. '
b'New Jersey mayors and rabbis arrested for involvement in international money-laundering conspiracy'
b'26/11 Mumbai Attacks - Documentary footage with never before seen video. The world MUST see this.'
b'To fool the parents of the victims, the children were taken away on "school trips" and their parents were later told the x-rays were a treatment for the scourge of scalpal ringworm. 6,000 of the children died shortly after...?'
b'British police wants DNA database of everyone who has been arrested, but not convicted of a crime. They argue that innocent people who have been arrested are as likely to commit crimes in the future as guilty people...WTF!?'
b'Mum drags daughter onto faux lie detector test on live radio, to ask her if she has skipped school/had sex. She reveals to Australia previous rape experience at 12 years old. '
b"I'm surprised this hasn't made it higher up on Reddit today... The scale of this bomb that went off in Spain today is incredible! [youtube]"
b'Bolivia bans all circus animals - New law defines use of animals in circus an act of cruelty. This is the first law of its kind anywhere in the world.'
b'Chavez shuts down 34 radio stations - says stations and radio waves no longer belong to the "bourgeoisie"'
b"Australian Idol judge fired after teenager's rape revelation live on radio"
b"North Korea's Kim releases U.S. journalists"
b'"I am a terrorist, shoot on sight": New British ID card, supposedly unhackable and containing very personal information, cloned and modified in minutes'
b'Unbelievable hypocrisy: Islamic hate preacher from the Saudi dictatorship is allowed into the UK (Jews are descendants of "rats and pigs", and so on) while elected Dutch anti-Islamist parliamentarian from a fellow EU member state is refused entry.'
b"Malaysia's brain-damaged government declares \r\nH1N1 flu is caused by masturbation and \r\nhomosexuality."
b'Two convicted for refusal to decrypt data'
b'Message To The Australian Government From Anonymous'
b'An American living in France: "I was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and I\'ve just gotten a letter from one of those "death" panels. They are called Medical Councils here and they determine whether someone is eligible or not for 100 percent medical coverage provided by the state..."'
b'Americans pay $635.85 on cell phone service, compared to $131.44 per year in the Netherlands or $137.94 per year in Sweden.'
b'A campaign to make the UK government officially apologize for castrating and driving to suicide Alan Turing - the man who helped break Nazi codes and revolutionize computing - just because he was a homosexual'
b'Huckabee: there is no room for a Palestinian state "in the middle of the Jewish homeland" and Israel should be able to build settlements wherever it wants. (AIPAC take out your 2012 checkbooks)'
b'"We had some Australians; they stayed here for four days. They would take turns sleeping and the only time they left was to go to the ATM," -World\'s First Cocaine Bar in Bolivia '
b"UK Government says no to a show and tell from the guy who cloned the UK ID card in just 12 minutes. Haven't they got something to learn? "
b'Effective today, Mexico decriminalizes possession of small amounts of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other drugs'
b"Over my dead body! UK trying to make plastic pint 'glasses' compulsory. Where will the nanny state end?"
b'"Every American should be forced to read and learn this in order to know what was done in their names."'
b'Argentina Decriminalizes Personal Drug Consumption.'
b'French hostage kills 3 and escapes'
b'Courts put 13-year-old girl in state care, blocking her from being the youngest person to sail around the world'
b'Thousands call for Turing apology'
b"In a backlash against the US 'war on drugs', Latin America turns to a more liberal policy"
b'Dutch prosecutors will charge Arab cultural group under hate speech laws for publishing a cartoon that suggests the death of 6 million Jews during World War II is a fabrication '
b"World's Chief Nuclear Inspector Calls Iranian Threat 'Hyped'"
b'A six-year-old girl has become a media darling in China on her first day of school by expressing her aspiration to become a "corrupt official" when she grows up'
b'Israel\'s army is changing. Once proudly secular, its combat units are now filling with those who believe Israel\'s wars are "God\'s wars".'
b'British nurse who was struck off the register for secretly filming the lack of care for the elderly at a Brighton hospital has been nominated for a national award'
b'Decades of inbreeding is causing immense suffering for pedigree dogs, who are plagued by painful and deadly genetic diseases as a result of breeding for appearance, a UK investigation has found.'
b'8.7 million North Koreans are starving: "There are no farm animals, virtually no machinery. You know there\'s a problem when people have eaten all the livestock." '
b'in Canada the drug czar slams Harper gov\'t as he exits. "...war-on-drugs approach has utterly failed over the past 40 years and must come to an end. The emperor truly has no clothes in this case," said his e-mail.'
b'The Church of Scientology won\'t be dissolved in France, due to a "typo" in an obscure law voted two weeks before the Church went to trial, which explicitly prevents this.'
b"Europe now richer than America: North America's wealth has now fallen the most out of any other region in the world, allowing Europe to step up to the plate as the world's richest continent"
b'They promised each other that if one died, the other would wear a lime-green dress to the funeral.  On September 15th, Kevin Elliot died in Afghanistan -- and his friend kept his promise.'
b'Young Jewish men in Israel have created a volunteer group which patrol malls and other public places to break up interracial dates (eg. Jewish-Arab dates.)'
b'Gaza\'s Water Supply Near Collapse. "The International Committee of the Red Cross has warned that Gaza\'s access to safe supply of drinking water could cease at any time."'
b"On November 18, 1992, more than 1,600 scientists, including 104 Nobel laureates, from around the world endorsed a warning. Here's what they said.\n"
b"Girl's Refusal to Be Child Bride Inspires Nation\r\n"
b'Honduras: curfew extended to 50 hours. power, water, food cut to Brazillian Embassy(act of war!) Barrios barracaded, police evicted. the **** has hit the fan...'
b'Armored Police Seize University of Pittsburgh Campus, Attack Students, Then Claim They Were Stopping Anarchists @ G20'
b'Philippine man loses own life after saving 30'
b'Women working on Chiquitas plantations in Honduras work from 6:30 a.m. until 7 at night, their hands burning up inside rubber gloves.  Some workers are as young as 14'
b"Don't mess with the farmer's daughter. Holy crap."
b'Roman Catholic Nova Scotia bishop busted at \r\nCanadian airport with a laptop full of child porn.  \r\nThe real kicker: he is the one who previously \r\nhelped broker a $15-million settlement with people \r\nsexually abused by other priests in the diocese.'
b'The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind : true story of a Malawian teenager who transformed his village by building electric windmills out of junk'
b'A European-led revolution in chemical regulation that requires that thousands of chemicals finally be assessed for their potentially toxic effects on human beings and the environment signals the end of American industrys ability to withhold critical data from the public. '
b'Italian prosecutor states CIA kidnapping case too grave to cover up'
b'The great energy rip-off in UK: Utility companies put up power prices by 42% last year, or 382 per household. Since then, the wholesale cost of gas and electricity has halved but bills have fallen by only 4%...wtf?!'
b"Oh wow. Joseph Stalin's grandson, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, has launched a court action claiming a liberal Russian newspaper has defamed the former Soviet dictator by claiming Stalin ordered the deaths of Soviet citizens."
b'Yahoo provided Iran with the names of 200,000 users'
b'"Police forces across Canada... are immediately changing their Taser use policy after the manufacturer issued a directive that officers should not aim the weapon at a suspect\'s chest."'
b'The report and question that The Guardian is being gagged for - wikileaks to the rescue.'
b'Fingerprint unmasks new Da Vinci painting, sold for $19,000 at auction as a 19th century German work. Swedish collector used multispectral digital imaging to peer through layers of pigment, discovering a fingerprint that proved the painting is a Da Vinvi worth $160 million.'
b'More than 80 Israeli students have announced their refusal to serve in the Israeli military: "the occupation is a violent, racist, inhumane, illegal, undemocratic, immoral and an extreme condition that presents a mortal danger to both peoples"'
b"Blackwater used 'child prostitutes in Iraq'"
b'A Lithuanian dad shot dead a judge and a senior politician because they molested his three-year old daughter. '
b'"Legalize it" lobby grows. Mexico and other Latin American countries move toward drug decriminalization.'
b'Kuwaiti women will be able to obtain their own passport without the consent of their husbands'
b"British Columbia cops stomp on guy's head, kick him in the ribs during arrest. Caught on video and posted to YouTube. "
b'"I have never seen this in 30 years," Calder said. "I haven\'t heard Japanese talking back to American diplomats that often, especially not publicly. The Americans usually say, \'We have a deal,\' and the Japanese respond, \'Ah soo desu ka,\' -- we have a deal -- and it\'s over. This is new." '
b'The Church of Scientology was almost shut down today in France. Instead they were fined $900,000 and jailed 6 of their leaders. Found guilty of fraud.'
b'Just one more reason that Metallica sucks: frontman James Hetfield told German TV that part of him was proud the US military chose the bands music to torture prisoners at Guantanamo Bay... It represents something that they dont likemaybe freedom, aggression I dont know Freedom of speech."'
b"The British Government's chief drug adviser has sparked controversy by claiming ecstasy, LSD and cannabis are less dangerous than cigarettes and alcohol. "
b'Unidentified viral outbreak in Western Ukraine. State of Emergency Declared.'
b'Following his comments regarding Ectasy, LSD, and Cannabis, the British Government chief drug adviser Professor David Nutt has been sacked - for telling the truth.'
b'Wild bear kills two terrorists.Yes,a wild BEAR kills two TERRORISTS in india.'
b'Unbelievable Video of Iranian Police beating protesters in the latest clash on November 4. Reddit, please let the world see how these animals are trying to suppress Iranian people right now.'
b'Professor David Nutt: The population is with me'
b'We broke the law, admits CIA agent convicted of rendition'
b'Ukraine epidemic kills 109, 763,000 infected, and 34,000 hospitalized. Last Friday 40,000 infected and 900 hospitalized.  '
b'Three more government drug advisers resign after Nutt sacking'
b'Whistleblower cop is YouTube sensation - A Russian police officer has released a series of videos calling out corruption'
b'Christian janitor rises above the barriers of caste, creed and sectarian terrorism and gives his life to save Muslim university students in Pakistan.'
b'"The idea that an oil company was participating in the drafting of the Iraqi Constitution leaves me speechless"'
b'Obama has authorized more predator drone strikes in Pakistan in 10 months than George W. Bush authorized in three years, killing over 500 people.'
b"This kicks The Weather Channel's ass."
b'Israel approves 900 settler homes'
b'CAUGHT: Guy who dropped dog from a bridge in Latvia. Arrested, with PICS. Translated article.'
b'FIFA and Germany helped finance a soccer stadium in the Palestinian territories.  Now that it is almost complete, Israel has decided to tear it down.'
b'Well, now we\'re fucked. British Government to allow snooping on cloud storage, give powers to "any person as may be specified with or for the purposes of facilitating prevention of reduction of online infringement of copyright", speed limitations/disconnections for offenders, etc.'
b'Wow, it turns out the guy who was "paralyzed but fully aware for 23 years" isn\'t.. he\'s a vegetable and the people saying he\'s communicating are really faking his communication. '
b'In the future an immigrant arriving in Germany may have to sign an "integration contract." The contract would require the immigrant show respect for freedom of speech and women\'s equality.'
b"Italian Professor of Medicine makes a startling breakthrough while treating his wife. It's possible he has found a cure for multiple sclerosis"
b'Everyone started running toward us, Ms. Nuez said. We thought there was a fight. Then we saw this guy with blood coming out of his mouth, and the killer right behind him, putting this thing away. I didnt know what it was. Instinctively, Ms. Nuez reached for her camera...'
b'"We have seen new kinds of cancer that were not recorded in Iraq before war in 2003, types of fibrous cancer and bone cancer. These refer clearly to radiation as a cause"'
b'A 26-year-old doctor who exposed the torture of jailed protesters in Iran died of poisoning from a delivery salad laced with an overdose of blood pressure medication'
b'One of the saddest days in Canadian history - "The Senate Committee studying C-15, a bill that would bring mandatory minimum prison sentences for marijuana to Canada, has given its approval with minor amendments."'
b'Ruins of Pompeii added to Google Street View'
b'Draw ignites FIFA World Cup fever'
b'Remember Tony Blair\'s "45-minute" WMD claim? He got it from a taxi driver'
b'BBC Investigation shows how much of a rip-off Cash4Gold is'
b"China's empty city, built for no reason other than to maintain an 8% growth rate! Madness! [VID]"
b'Israeli minister has announced there will be 10,000 new settlers in the occupied West Bank over the next 10 months'
b'"If you buy into the Many Worlds Intepretation of quantum physics, there must be a parallel universe in which I crossed the US/Canada border ... In that other timeline I was not punched in the face, pepper-sprayed, shit-kicked, handcuffed, thrown wet and half-naked into a holding cell ..."'
b"US oil tycoons think they are 'entitled' to Iraq's oil fields, assume invasion was launched on their behalf."
b"Internet search giant Google has come out in opposition to the Federal Government's push to introduce mandatory ISP filtering."
b'Hugo Chavez: If Climate Were Bank, U.S. Would Have Saved It'
b'Uninsured American living in Japan sees a doctor: "...when I get 3 prescriptions filled in 5 minutes and they are SORRY they have to charge me a whopping 30 bucks for it, and I see people back home paying many times that, I have to wonder how we\'re managing to do things just this wrong."'
b"Prague TV Tower - World's Largest Spherical \r\nPanorama (18 Gigapixel!!) + MegaZoom"
b'Laura Dekker, a 13 year old girl who ran away from her Dutch home because Dutch courts would not let her sail around the world has been found in the Caribbean'
b'How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal? I was in the room.'
b"Police enter a private backyard without permission for police dog training, shoot and kill the property owner's dog when it defends its territory"
b'Woman knocks down Pope Benedict at Christmas Mass.'
b'It is a fact that a woman born in South Africa has a greater chance of being raped, than learning how to read.'
b"This site publishes first had reports out of Iran.  Lots of eye witness accounts.  It is run by Iranian exiles with close contacts on the ground.  Let's show these people some love for risking it all to get the information out."
b'Jerusalem Post asks the Taboo Question'
b'Czech Republic Decriminalizes All Major Drugs for Personal Use - Starting Tomorrow'
b'New airport scanners break child porn laws'
b'These images depict the untouched stomach contents of baby birds in one of the worlds most remote marine sanctuaries, more than 2000 miles from the nearest continent. (pics)'
b'Three Americans go to Uganda and teach thousands (including police, national politicians, etc.) how gays and their agenda are trying to destroy Ugandan families and sodomize their children.  Result: a bill to impose a death sentence for homosexual behavior.'
b'23-year-old British woman on holiday in Dubai told police she had been raped, only to be arrested herself for having illegal sexual intercourse'
b'Top Imams affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Canada have issued a fatwa calling those terrorists who attack the United States and Canada evil.'
b'Why would a former Guantanamo Bay prison guard track down two of his former captives - two British men - and agree to fly to London to meet them?'
b'Dear World, The Chinese government stole intellectual property from us and others. The censorship is crazy over there and we are seriously considering ceasing our Chinese operation. - signed google.'
b'Please go to www.redcross.org and donate at least $10 to help out the people of haiti. I know the reddit community can make a difference!'
b'"It never ceases to amaze me that in times of amazing human suffering somebody says something that can be so utterly stupid," White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said about Pat Robertson\'s Haiti Remarks'
b"France Calls for Cancellation of Haiti's Debt"
b'Haiti Struck By Major Earthquake for 2nd Time in 8 Days'
b"Hamas accepts Israel's right to exist"
b'Im proud: the Dutch collect over  41 mln for Haiti, government doubles it all, totaling  83,448,252 (Dutch link)'
b'Haiti 360....AMAZING!'
b'France considers banning the burqa'
b'Dr. Norman Finkelstein: "Every single member of my family on both sides were exterminated...I consider nothing more dispicable then to use their suffering and their martyrdom to try to justify the torture, the brutalization, the demolition of homes that Israel daily commits against the Palestinians"'
b'Howard Zinn, arguably one of the most important scholars of our time, is dead. '
b"We raised $100K for haiti without breaking a sweat. Wikileaks has shutdown due to lack of funds. Let's fix this."
b'Bloomberg: Maybe A Secret Banking Cabal Does Run The World After All  -- wait, WHAT?'
b'Internet uprising overturns Australian censorship law'
b'Harvard student expelled from Israel because she had an essay on her computer hard drive that was sympathetic to Palestinians.'
b'Islamic justice: 16-year-old girl lashed 101 times for conceiving after rape, while the rapist was pardoned'
b'Turkish girl buried alive by family in honour killing'
b" \t\n\nUganda's 'kill gays' friends' bill:  \nAnti-gay law worse than thought - Friends who don't rat out friends face death."
b'Blair acknowledged that Israel was part of the equation on invading Iraq, and that the Israeli government was being actively consulted in the planning for the war'
b'Al Jazeera has obtained exclusive footage that appears to show Nigerian security forces ordering a number of people to lie in the road and then shooting them at close range. '
b"European Parliament has blocked agreement that allows US anti-terror officials to monitor Europeans' bank transactions"
b'Indians are being urged to hand over a note worth zero rupees when asked for a bribe, in a bid to stamp out corruption among officials.'
b"Men's Olympic Luger Said to be Dead"
b'Student is arrested for giving South African president\'s motorcade the finger, and for swearing. Minister of Police says "No individual is permitted to use foul language [or] swear". What the fuck, now we can\'t swear at public figures?'
b'Dude arrested for lighting a cigarette on the olympic torch'
b'Military coup in Niger'
b'What a surprise...'
b"This is why we (the U.S.) can't have nice things."
b'Italian thugs upload youtube video showing them beating up an autistic kid. Youtube takes video down within hours. 4 google employees charged, 3 found guilty. WTF?!'
b'The British PoW who broke into Auschwitz  and survived: In 1944, Denis Avey swapped identities with a Jewish prisoner in Auschwitz. Now, at 91, he reveals why he did it'
b'Gaddafi calls for jihad against Switzerland '
b'Earthquake with a magnitude of 8.5 reported near Concepcion, Chile '
b'BREAKING NEWS: German Federal Constitutional\nCourt rules against internet and telephone data storage! Fuck yeah!'
b'Investigation reveals the 1985 Live Aid and Band Aid which raised $250 million, had 95% of that money diverted to support Ethiopian rebels and to buy weapons.'
b'The silent rebellion begins: 2 women refuse full body scanning at Manchester and give up their flight to retain their right to privacy.'
b'Poland Looks Inward After Film Puts Mall Girl Culture on View'
b'London 2012 Olympics -- "Police will have powers to enter private homes and seize posters"'
b'Soldier throws back grenade'
b'Holland proposes giving anyone over 70 the right to die if they have simply had enough and consider their lives complete'
b"I know it has been said before, but Al Jazeera English is one of the best news outlets out there.  It's a shame most Americans think they're in cahoots with terrorists."
b'A former Scientologist who says she was a "child slave" and alleges she saw a six-year-old boy chained up in a ship\'s hold is disappointed the Senate has blocked a full inquiry into the religious organisation.'
b'"We must start to accept that 5% of the population at any given time is bonkers. There are no steps to be taken to stamp this out and no lessons to be learnt when a man with a beard boards a plane with an exploding dog."'
b'Australia gets rid of the death penalty for good'
b'Spanish music rights organization SGAE brings link site to court. Outcome: "if an individual uses P2P networks like eDonkey or BitTorrent to obtain copyright material for non-profit reasons, the act is completely legal". Whoops!'
b'UK - The Lib Dems would restore people\'s right to privacy which has been "trampled" on by the government, party leader Nick Clegg is to say.'
b'Atlantic Bluefin tuna ban collapses at UN after Canada teamed up with Japan to prevent fishing ban as the only way to save the critically endangered species from extinction. WTF?!!'
b'The Catholic church and paedophilia: The pope should say plainly and loudly that sexual abuse of children is not just sinful. It is criminal'
b"Israels latest FU to US - We'll do what we want with East Jerusalem, it's not up for negotiation."
b"CNN Wikileaks iReport: Reddit, PLEASE view and comment on this story so it can get vetted and put on the CNN website. We really need to raise awareness of what's happening to Wikileaks. Thank you and please upvote this. I'm not a karmawhore, this is just a throwaway."
b'Pope Benedict XVI  failed to defrock an American priest who molested hundreds of deaf boys, despite receiving letters from a number of American bishops pleading with him to act'
b'Blair Strikes Oil in Iraq. "In the 3 years since he stepped down as prime minister, Blair pocketed more than $30 million in oil revenues from secret dealings with a South Korean oil consortium, UI Energy Corporation. Despite his best efforts to keep his connection to UI secret, word is spreading..."'
b'S.Korean naval ship sinking with 100 on board, North Korean torpedo attack suspected!'
b'Large explosion in Moscow Subway.'
b'British Redditors, we have 7 days left before the Digital Economy Bill is rushed through Parliament without debate.'
b'Fox News Ripping Content Straight from the Depths of Reddit'
b"Israeli journalist held secretly under house arrest for months, Israel's Shin Bet intelligence service has banned news media from mentioning the case or identifying the reporter--LET'S EXPOSE THIS"
b'Wikileaks has released the announced video showing the deaths of Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists.'
b"Shouldn't we be more outraged about how we were lied to, and about how Wikileaks was almost silenced before they published this video?"
b"Kyrgyz Protests against high gas prices and overall government corruption, I'm in Bishkek now...just ran home to escape gun fire..."
b'Crisis in Kyrgyzstan [pics]'
b"I don't know about you, but I can't trust Reddit to be my aggregator of political/world news."
b'The story BCG offered me $16,000 not to tell : With a diligent enough effort, one can morally justify nearly anything.'
b'Immersion in propaganda: how North Koreans see themselves'
b'Australia is Piiiiiiiissed - Arrests Crew Members of Chinese Coal Ship that trashed the Great Barrier Reef'
b'After finding two groups of males the force  executed all of them using silenced weapons.  Unfortunately, it appears that the Special Ops team had not entered the sleeping quarters of an IED cell, but the dormitory of a private school for boys.\n'
b"Iceland's disruptive volcano - The Big Picture"
b'Irish Government in secret talks about internet censorship'
b'Burials in Tibet. NOT FOR SENSITIVE SOULS! [pics]'
b'Explicit mention of religion is seen as "un-British", a bit "American" and a "turn-off" to the electorate.'
b'1 canadian dollar &gt; 1 US dollar'
b'A Saudi law firm claiming to represent 94,000 descendants of the "prophet" Mohammed sues Danish newspapers. Now a new group countersues on behalf of all the non-Muslims whom Mohammed defamed and insulted in the Koran, demanding offending passages be changed or removed.'
b'European push to ban burqas appalls Afghan women. "What is the difference between forcing women to wear a burqa and forcing them not to? It is discrimination."'
b'Flight traffic in Europe'
b'Not Even in South Park? '
b'China has lost a 2000 Olympics bronze medal because the gymnast was proven to have been underage.'
b"Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted for a law that would ban women from wearing the full Islamic face veil in public. No-one voted against it"
b'Christian preacher arrested for saying homosexuality is a sin'
b"When the Soviets had leaking oil wells they couldn't seal, they nuked them"
b"Greeks Struggle with Sick-Man Status - They've emptied their bank accounts, abandoned vacations and started taking the bus. Now, they fear for their jobs: The Greeks bemoan the difficult crisis that has taken over their country. Above all, they feel humiliated by Germany."
b'How China and India Sabotaged the UN Climate Summit - Secret recordings obtained by SPIEGEL reveal how China and India prevented an agreement on tackling climate change at the crucial meeting. The powerless Europeans were forced to look on as the agreement failed.'
b'No wonder the Greeks are FURIOUS. You\'d be mad, too, if your "austerity" had to pay for the gambling losses of rich bank... Hey, wait a sec...'
b"China clears murderer after 'victim' shows up alive -- 10 years later. Apparently torturing for 'confessions' with chilli water and fireworks doesn't always work."
b"BBC News - Gordon Brown 'stepping down as Labour leader'"
b'Disaster unfolds slowly in the Gulf of Mexico [pics]'
b"The British Home Office denies Iranian LGBT rights activist and documentarian Kiana Firouz's request for asylum. If deported, she faces 300 lashes and public hanging for unrepentant homosexuality. MAKE SOME NOISE."
b'Kabul rises again [pics]'
b'Chomsky said the interrogators had told him he had written things that the Israeli government did not like. "I suggested they find any government in the world that likes anything I say," he said.'
b'Elvis Costello and Santana cancel show in Israel supporting an academic and cultural boycott to protest its occupation of Palestinian territory'
b'Crackdown in Bangkok [pics]'
b'Five paintings by Picasso, Matisse and other great artists have been stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris.'
b'South African newspaper, Mail &amp; Guardian, challenged in court over intention to publish Muhammad cartoon by veteren satirist Zapiro; M &amp; G win, and the cartoon is on newstands today.'
b'Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to the apartheid regime'
b'Kenyan Judges rule that Islamic Courts in Kenya \r\nare discriminatory, unconstitutional, and illegal.'
b'North Korea Severs All Ties with South Korea'
b'Deal signed today: Norway has announced $1bn in aid to protect forests in Indonesia.'
b'China "will not protect" whoever sank a South Korean warship'
b"While everyone gets caught up in the details of the IDF-Turkish flotilla incident, here's a good perspective on the bigger picture and strategic implications. Produced by Stratfor, a global intelligence company."
b'Ireland to Israel: "If any harm comes to any of our citizens, it will have the most serious consequences.'
b'Israel must lift Gaza blockade immediately: UN chief'
b"History repeating -- In 1947, a ship full of Jewish refugees tries to break Britain's blockade on Palestine. The Brits boarded and killed 3, wounding others. It was a PR disaster for Britain and paved the way for the founding of modern Israel."
b'After over two decades in Indian courts, the Bhopal disaster chemical executives have been found guilty'
b'Reuters under fire for removing weapons, blood from images of Gaza flotilla - Haaretz '
b'Striking Infographic: Tallest Mountains to Deepest Trench (Gives good sense of Deepwater Horizon drilling depth)'
b"The Supremo in His Labyrinth - A horrifying first-hand account of Kim Jong Il's private life, from a former bodyguard"
b'Abby Sutherland FOUND alive and well. 16 year old sailor found.'
b'Red Cross says what no one dares: Gaza blockade is illegal'
b'Breaking news: All serious crimes in the UK have been solved.'
b'Australia soon to become the first Western democracy to join Iran and China where Internet access is restricted by the state'
b'First Australia wanted the ISP Filter, then ISP data retention on net activity... now they want to link it all to our PASSPORTS!!!'
b'What BP is doing to America is pretty much what American companies have done and are doing to the rest of the world'
b"Israel announces plan to demolish 22 Palestinian Arab homes in East Jerusalem.  Palestinian homeowners ask why their alternative proposal that doesn't require their homes being razed wasn't discussed."
b'Arrest of an alleged Mossad agent in Warsaw could adversely affect German-Israeli relations. Berlin Officials say the Mossad went too far in obtaining a German passport for alleged use in the murder of a Hamas official - especially as they apparently used a fake story of Nazi persecution to get it.'
b'As Jews we should stand as a beacon for human rights not as an internationally known perpetrator of atrocities.'
b'First female Prime Minister of Australia'
b'A top German court has ruled that it is not a criminal offence to cut off the life support of a dying person if that person has given their consent. '
b'Blackwater in a secretive deal tried to arm and train Christian armies in Southern Sudan and receive half of its mineral wealth in violation of U.S sanctions.'
b'Iceland legalizes gay marriage, allowing the prime minister to finally marry her partner '
b"South Korea's parliament votes to legalize chemical castration as punishment for convicted child sex offenders"
UK government launches "Your Freedom" - seeks public's opinion on which laws should be repealed (Digital Economy Bill seems to have quite a few detractors already...)
   Sweden ends compulsory military service   
Israeli judge: "We must learn from the Nazi tactics," to improve the State of Israel's PR efforts in the world
A woman who suffered severe facial burns during the 7/7 terror attacks in London five years ago is showing off her new face to the world
CNN Drops 20-year-veteran news editor after twitter post mourning the death of pro-women's rights Hezbollah leader.
Iran: woman 'adulterer' will not face stoning
BANGLADESH: A man dies in police custody after refusing to pay bribes; his relatives are warned not to pursue the case
"So that's OK then. It's fine to abuse young girls, as long as you're a great film director"
2010 Hottest Year on Record so far according to NASA.  That's right.  The Earth has never been hotter than it is right now, at least since we've been keeping records.
Argentina Senate approves same-sex marriage. First country in Latin America to grant same-sex marriages all the rights of heterosexual unions
Our biggest gadget makersincluding HP and Applemay get their raw ingredients from genocidal militias in Congo. A new movement has begun to trace rare metals to the conflict mines they come from, and it won its first major victory this week.
Wanted by the CIA: Wikileaks founder Julian Assange
Everyone knows designer sunglasses are a rip-off. But did you know they're all made by the same company?
A Palestinian man has been convicted of rape after having consensual sex with an Israeli woman who believed he was Jewish because he introduced himself as "Daniel".
The police officer filmed pushing a man to the ground during the 2009 G20 protests will not face charges over his death.
I am a Chinese web user. Today is a very happy day for me.
Wikileaks+Guardian.co.uk: Afghanistan: The war logs. Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation. Includes interview with Wikileaks' Julian Assange.
"There's a wide discrepancy, and we need to know." Canadian military: The loss of four Canadian soldiers in September 2006 was the result of insurgent activity. Newly released WikiLeaks document: The Canadian soldiers weren't killed by the Taliban but rather by friendly fire from U.S. forces.
Catalonia bans bullfighting in landmark Spain vote
UN declares clean water a 'fundamental human right'
North Korea World Cup team shamed in six-hour grilling in front of 400 government officials, students and journalists. Coach punished for "betraying" Kim Jong-un. But they got off lightly apparently...
Dutch troops withdraw from Afghanistan
Hey reddit, just a reminder: as of this weekend, Iran has now imprisoned three hikers for a year to use as international political bargaining chips. It's unjust, and no one seems to care anymore. I don't really know how to help them, but here's their story.
28,000 deaths caused by the war on drugs in Mexico. Finally, president Felipe Calderon agrees to discuss about drug legalization.
A South African journalist who wrote an expose on the new chief of police has been arrested and is being held by the police even though a prosecutor has refused to press charges. Detention without trial!
Pentagon demands return of the 90,000 documents from Wikileaks.  Methinks the pentagon doesn't understand how the internet works.
More than 800 Russian wildfires have been reported since they first ignited nearly a week ago. The wildfires, a result of the country's worst heat wave in recorded history, have claimed 52 lives thus far and left more than 3,000 people homeless (w/pics)
"So, drug consumption is the responsibility of the person who consumes; of the family who is responsible for educating; and of the education system and the socioeconomic context. What we have to do is legalize the production, the sale and the distribution." - Former Mexican president Vicente Fox
Germany's super-rich have rejected an invitation by Bill Gates and Warren Buffett to join their 'Giving Pledge' to give away most of their fortune. The pledge has been criticized in Germany, with millionaires saying donations shouldn't replace duties that would be better carried out by the state.
Big surprise: Pope decides priests who protect pedophiles should keep their jobs.
Experts call for inquest into the death of David Kelly, the British scientist who was found dead after casting doubt on the government's claim that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction
NASA satellite view of the extent of the massive flooding in Pakistan (before vs. after)
Noam Chomsky: The Real Reasons the U.S. Enables Israeli Crimes and Atrocities
WikiLeaks gets new host -- Sweden's Pirate Party - The whistleblower website WikiLeaks will place several new servers with the Swedish Pirate Party, the group which campaigns for more freedom on the Internet said Tuesday.
Israel Places Order For 20 Joint Strike Fighters; U.S. Taxpayers Pick Up The Tab
Saudi Hospitals Asked to Maim Man as Punishment: A Saudi Arabian judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a mans spinal cord as punishment
CEO of Scandinavian megabank: "Let banks crash" - Banks should not be treated differently than other firms
There's a traffic jam in China that's 60 miles long and has already been going on for 10 days. "It could last for weeks"
Criminalization of drug use is spreading HIV
An Arab democracy, with a Muslim Prime Minister and a Christian President, allowed the building of a synagogue, squarely in the center of their Ground Zero in the heart and pride of downtown Beirut
Vietnam Adopts George Washington's Non-Interventionist Foreign Policy - Gen. Vinh reconfirmed the three pillars of Vietnams defense policy: not joining in any military alliances or becoming a military ally of any country; not allowing any country to set up military bases in Vietnam...
Mexico fires 3,200 (9%) of it's federal police.
To offset the spate of negative stories on the Israeli Defense Force here's the "Combatant's Letter", Signed by 500+ Soldiers that refuse to serve in the occupied territories. 
Monsanto Uprooted :: Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn
Israel is willing to make a sweeping concession - dividing control of Jerusalem - as part of a historic final peace pact with Palestinians and drop its demand that Jerusalem would "remain the undivided capital of Israel"
Associated Press standards editor to staff: "Combat in Iraq is not over, and we should not uncritically repeat suggestions that it is, even if they come from senior officials. The situation on the ground in Iraq is no different today than it has been for some months."
Two redditors are climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro for charity and will do your bidding at the peak. Don't squander this opportunity to let your upvotes do something awesome.
"For them, there is no safe place. They are raped when harvesting crops; when going to market; when fetching water and firewood; when carrying their babies; when in their homes at night, among their loved ones."
Afghan insurgents give captive reporter a cell phone to show them the Internet, so he tweets his whereabouts. 
Weary of drug war, Mexico debates legalization - 
A debate about legalizing marijuana and possibly other drugs  once a taboo suggestion  is percolating in Mexico, a nation exhausted by runaway violence and a deadly drug war.
Should the Pope face charges?
A renowned lawyer makes the case that the Pope should have his day in court for harbouring pedophiles
IMF fears 'social explosion'
Joint letter opposing Pope UK state visit signed by Dawkins, Fry, Pratchett, many others
Israeli media sources have confirmed that an Israeli soldier shot and killed a handcuffed Palestinian youth on Tuesday morning in Tel Aviv. Soldier says that he "was shot accidentally from his weapon." The 18 yr old Palestinian was killed instantly as a result of the shot in the back.
Egyptian newspaper manipulate picture with Obama and other world leaders in an attempt to make their president Mubarak look like the top dog
Spoiler: "This look shopped..."
Wounded in action: An infantry unit fights its way out of an ambush in Kunar Province, Afghanistan (Holy hell. One of the soldiers takes a bullet to the helmet, but survives--it's all caught on camera.)
Germany is planning a direct rail link between Frankfurt and London: Journey time under 4 hours.
"what you have is evidence about what real aggression is, which is the President of the United States is always insinuating that we reserve the right, at any moment, at any time, at our will, to go on to military attack on Iran, even if they dont attack us."
How the CIA ran a secret army of 3,000 assassins
British Queen 'tried to use state poverty fund to heat Buckingham Palace'
Since 2003, over 200,000 people have died as a result of the Darfur conflict (source: United Nations)
Tapes describe U.S. servicemen killing civilians for sport
This week, Germany will FINALLY finish paying reparation for World War One!
Less than 2% of websites on Scandinavia's child porn internet filter is actually child porn
Canada just passed the "Combating Terrorist Act" which will allow terrorism suspects to be jailed without trial for up to 12 months. So far no mainsteam Canadian media has even reported it.
Panama court overturns US tycoon's will to leave $50m to poor children - says it should go to his millionaire family instead
In Israel, a chief education official was fired after denying evolution and global warming.
Australian study: the only effect of legalizing prostitution is an improvement in the health of sex workers
Hungarian sludge spill reaches Danube river (PICTURES)
The Nobel Peace Prize 2010 goes to Liu Xiaobo "for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China".
"The 33 trapped Chilean miners have moved to stop any individual from profiting at the expense of the group, drawing up a legal contract to share the proceeds from the story of their ordeal."
Could this be the worst piece of business in the history of the world? Last Thursday, Dublin Finance Minister Brian Lenihan handed Allied Irish Bank $4.2 billion of taxpayers' money to save it from going under. He could have bought the entire bank that morning for $832 million.
First Miner hoisted to freedom in Chile
33rd miner rescued!  Is anyone else absolutely astounded at how they've managed to pull off this entire operation?
WikiLeaks says Funding Has Been Blocked After Government Blacklisting: Founder Julian Assange hits out at decision by Moneybookers, which collects the whistleblowing website's donations
Leave it to a damn engineer.
Here is a country with 5% unemployment, lowest income inequality, healthcare for all, has high life expectancy, low infant mortality, near top in numeracy and literacy, low on crime, incarceration, homicides, mental illness and drug abuse. In all these it beats both the US and China by a mile!
Canada's "Most Conservative City" elects Muslim Mayor
Front-page Uganda newspaper story featured a list of 100 homosexuals, with a bright yellow banner across it that read: "Hang Them." Alongside their photos were the men's names and addresses
Crocodile on plane kills 19 passengers
Afghanistan's President Karzai admits that his office receives $2 million a year in cash from Iran, which he uses for "presidential expenses."  Says that he expects it to continue.  He says that the US also provides him with "bags of money."
Iceland turns from banks to freedom of speech. Iceland wants companies from around the world to set up their servers there and publish material online without the fear of ruinous lawsuits or censorship.
WikiLeaks ready to drop a bombshell on Russia. But will Russians get to read about it?
No terror arrests in 100,000 police counter-terror searches.
Cambodians beaten, raped and killed at illegal detention camp funded by UN | World news | The Guardian
Australian man saves woman from an attacking Great White by grabbing its tail. As the girl started to sink to the bottom, he grabbed her and brought her to the surface and on board the boat
Paris girl survives six-storey fall unharmed - bounces off cafe awning into arms of passing doctor.
Why is Shoppers Drug Mart pulling 3,500 copies of Adbusters, my magazine, off its shelves? "A week ago, in the National Post, the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC) accused Adbusters of anti-Semitism for publishing side-by-side photographs of the Gaza and Warsaw ghettos..."
Canadian couple wins $11.2 million jackpot and gives away the entire thing. 
The passenger in question was observed at the beginning of the flight to be an elderly Caucasian male who appeared to have young looking hands. During the flight the subject attended the washroom and emerged an Asian looking male that appeared to be in his early 20s.
If you knowingly make false statements about your 
opponent in an election in the UK, you risk the 
election being ruled void after you win.
Don't know if you noticed already, but there is some heavy anti-nuclear protest going on in Germany this weekend. (50.000+ protesters)
Why children are horrifically good soldiers - Theyre small enough to transport easily in large numbers, yet big enough to handle modern lightweight arms...They have no real sense of fear and, when indoctrinated young enough, their capacity for loyalty and for barbarism exceeds that of adults.
Chinese Premier says "I believe freedom of speech is indispensable for any country" in interview; interview then censored by gov't in China
Cyber attack on Nobel peace prize website launched. Stay classy, China.
Boris Johnson: George W. Bush cant fight for freedom and authorise torture. If the Wests aim is to spread the rule of law, it cannot be achieved by vile means
While you're getting groped by the TSA, here's a reminder of how it's done in Israel: High security, little bother
Major spy scandal as Norway, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and Iceland catch the U.S. watching their citizens
Remand request issued for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange - The Local
Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, advises George W. Bush not to bring his book tour to Britain, because "he might never see Texas again."
Tim Berners-Lee, creator of the world wide web, warns that we need to defend the web, or else it could break up into fragmented islands, led by Apple, Facebook and Google.
North Korea has fired several artillery shells across its western maritime border, prompting return fire from South Korea
All 29 trapped New Zealand miners are believed to be dead following a second explosion in the Pike River Coal mine
"I didn't understand quite how bad things had become in this country until I saw armed cops being deployed against schoolchildren in the middle of Whitehall."
The hypocrisy of the media attack on Wikileaks - The traditional media has become so toothless it is reduced to attacking Wikileaks for doing its job properly.
Ecuador offers WikiLeak's founder Assange residency, no questions asked.
Noam Chomsky on declaring Wikileaks a 'terrorist organization': "Outlandish. ... One of the major reasons for government secrecy is to protect the government from its own population."
If you truly support WikiLeaks, why not support Bradley Manning, the US solider who leaked the documents in the first place?
WikiLeaks vanishes from web as US company removes DNS support | Media | guardian.co.uk
Razor 1911: Because of the recent efforts to close down wikileaks. We have decided to join up in the mass-mirroring of the site. For free journalism on a free internet.
Wikileaks: May I remind you that the same collective now being persecuted as a 'terrorist organisation recently received Amnesty International's New Media Award for reports on human rights abuses in Kenya.
MC Hammered: Mastercard downed under DDOS overnight
WikiLeaks payment firm to sue Visa, MasterCard
Wikileaks. Brazil's President Lula defends Assange: "Instead of blaming someone who has disclosed these documents, those who wrote them should be blamed"
WikiLeaks copycats are popping up all over the world: IndoLeaks, BrusselsLeaks And BalkanLeaks
Relatives of Spanish cameraman killed in Baghdad use WikiLeaks to press for justice: After years of delays, the family of a Spanish journalist killed in a 2003 US attack on a Baghdad hotel turns to WikiLeaks documents that suggest the US and Spain colluded to prevent legal action!
The inhumane detention conditions of Bradley Manning - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com
"We now know that Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy" - Julian Assange
Richard Stallman: The actions against MasterCard and Amazon are not 'hacking'. People are just finding a way to protest in a digital space, the internet equivalent of a mass demonstration | guardian.co.uk
Visa, Mastercard and PayPal all enable donations to be made to US-registered groups funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank in defiance of international law.
Reporters without borders to host mirror site of Wikileaks
Spanish parliament rejects anti-downloading law that would have allowed the courts to close down p2p websites. Wikileaks revealed the US bullied Spain into trying to pass this law. Rest of the world: it's your turn to stand firm against those who try to impose internet censorship. You can do it too!
UN's top torture official now investigating WikilLeaker Cpl. Brad Manning's pre-trial prison conditions.  USA may soon be labelled a nation that engages in torture.
Al Jazeera has put out their Top 10 stories of 2010.  I think it's more deserving of our traffic and attention than Time's Bogus Person of the Year gag, not to mention all the other pointless polls people try to influence.  
The Paper That Finally Changed The Law on Drugs: Published in The Lancet, the paper demonstrates  clear scientific evidence that opposes UK drugs policy. The Government respond by removing from law the need to have a scientist on the Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs!
USA forced Sweden's hand on piracy and Pirate Bay crackdown
Chinese villager with a history of speaking out against government abuse found dead due to a traffic accident. Except Chinese netizens suspect that he may have been held down by four men as he was run over by a truck.
Julian Assange Threatens To Name Arab Leaders With CIA Ties
Wikileaks releases cable of the July 1990 meeting between then-US Ambassador to Iraq, April Glaspie, and Saddam before the Kuwait invasion: Saddam's message of friendship to President Bush
Punjab(Pakistan) governor Salman Taseer assassinated in Islamabad
Cable from the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv says Israeli officials wanted Gaza's economy "functioning at the lowest level possible consistent with avoiding a humanitarian crisis."
Italy becomes the first country to ban plastic bags nationwide!
Egypt's Muslims attend Coptic Christmas mass, serving as "human shields"
Russia's Murrow moment - Leonid Parfyonov's stunning speech to Russian TV executives in November was ignored by Russian state television, but you can watch it on YouTube. His audience listened in deadpan shock as Parfyonov said out loud what everyone in Russia knows to be the truth.
Uh, reddit? Brisbane, AU (one of our largest cities) is currently being washed away. Massive floods, death toll rising. 
West African farmers have succeeded in cutting the use of toxic pesticides, increasing yields and incomes and diversifying farming systems as a result of an international project promoting sustainable farming practices.
Aussie here: Just want everyone to know that Brazil and Sri Lanka are suffering flooding too, and probably need more aid than we do. (120,000 homeless, hundreds dead)
Haiti reconstruction firms only get $1.60 for every $100, rest goes back to American companies.
Mauritanian Islamic leaders issue a fatwa banning 
female genital mutilation (FGM)
Several thousand Israelis protested in Tel Aviv waving the Israeli flag and Palestinian ones: "We came to protest against the government's policies and the lack of democracy in our country"
The WikiLeaks disclosures are significant precisely because they expose govt deceit, wrongdoing and brutality, but the damage to innocent people has been deliberately and wildly exaggerated - fabricated - by the very people whose misconduct has been revealed.
Iceland Doing it Right : Special prosecutor into the banking crisis confirms raids and arrests have been made today.Central Bank of Iceland is among the institutions under investigation.One of the arrested parties is former National Bank of Iceland treasury boss.
Blast rocks Moscow's main airport
Tunisia-like riots now breaking out in Egypt
Cairo residents in Egypt remove passwords from their wi-fi routers so protesters can communicate with the world
Egyptian police violently beat British journalist, smooth move Egypt, now we know what is happening to those 100s of people arrested.
Anonymous is getting around Egypt's Internet blackout by mass-faxing WikiLeaks cables to Cairo.
5 Al-Jazeera Journalists Just Got Arrested In Egypt
For Egypt protests, Google has enabled feature to post to Twitter with just a voice connection
Clashes have broke out between pro and anti-government demonstrators in Tahrir Square as protesters claim Mubarak concessions 'insufficient' 
Canadian Government to reverse CRTC decision on Internet billing. (UBB)
Horrific video of 20+ Egyptian citizens being run over by a diplomatic vehicle in the streets of Cairo Jan 28.
Einstein was right - honey bee collapse threatens global food security  - Telegraph
The Church of Scientology is Under Investigation for Slave Labor
The suffering of Southern Africa under AIDS in one figure
Another Egyptian police van runs over protesters but is overpowered and tipped over [video]
BREAKING NEWS: Mubarak will NOT step down. Will NOT bow to foreign pressure.
Breaking: Anti-Government Protests Spread to Iran.  Thousands march together today.
Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on charges of paying for sex with an underage girl and abuse of power.
Japan suspends Antartic whaling - BBC
In a dramatic departure from longstanding policy, the United States intends to support a United Nations Security Council resolutions censuring Israel for building settlements in Palestinian territory.
Senior officers in Iran's Revolutionary Guards have written a letter to their commanding officer demanding assurances that they will not be required to open fire on anti-government demonstrators. 
Large quake strikes Christchurch, New Zealand
Is anyone listening to Gadaffi right now? He is batshit insane.
90% of Libya in Rebel Hands: Qaddafi is left only with Tripoli, about 1 million people, where the streets are ghostly and marauding security forces hotrod it through the streets, sometimes firing indiscriminately
protests spread to North Korea
African mercenaries hired by the Gaddafi regime to kill Libyan protesters would be immune from prosecution for war crimes due to a clause in this weekend's UN resolution that was demanded by US
Anonymous Open letter To The World [Time to make the world what it should be!]
The problem with Google Earth: people will get mad when they see the scale of your huge palace next to insanely crowded slums. Just ask the King of Bahrain...
Can we stop referring to what's happening in Libya as a "protest"?  We have armed rebel forces engaging in guerilla combat with bazookas and heavy artillery, taking and losing cities.  This is officially a civil war.
These photos are fucking amazing - from the BBC's 'Human Planet' series.
Pink Floyd band member Roger Waters joins a campaign of Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) against Israel.
BitTorrent User uses $4 Seedbox and Saves 172 BBC Websites From Extinction to expose the cost savings of this proposed exercise as nothing more than a charade to appease the detractors to a strong BBC and to curry favour with the David Cameron government.
Chinese dissident creates a Facebook account using a name without documentation to avoid arrest. Facebook bans him. Then Mark Zuckerberg creates a profile for his dog. 
Dalai Lama to retire, citing that the Tibetan people deserve a freely elected leader.
Massive 7.9 earthquake in northeastern Japan. Someone post links please? Many domestic sites are crashing. Tsunami warning for Sendai.
While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the world forget about what is happening in Libya. Help keep Libya on the homepage.
Germany's new boom: making money by making stuff; UK and US increasingly relied on the financial sector, Germany concentrated on manufacturing
A Japanese home adrift in the Pacific Ocean, photographed by U.S. Navy Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Dylan McCord. [PIC]
Raw video of an unarmed protester co-operating with riot police in Bahrain shot in the chest and head (NSFW). Need to spread the word.
Libya Calls Immediate Ceasefire
"War On Drugs has failed and should be abandoned 
in favour of evidence-based policies" - former heads 
of MI5, CPS, BBC
Canada's Government has for the first time in its history, been found in contempt of Parliament. 
Israel passes new Nakba Law to punish public institutions for any reference to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in 1948 as a catastrophe or 'Nakba'
7.0 Earthquake Hits Burma
A serious leak of classified information has just taken place - senior Gadhafi aide was told to take bodies from a morgue and place them at the scene of the bomb damage. Will Eric Holder announce investigation to find out who is responsible for this leak?
Details emerge on US "kill team" in Afghanistan- "The boy did as he was told. He stood still.
The soldiers knelt down behind a mud-brick wall...As the grenade exploded [they] opened fire, shooting the boy repeatedly at close range with an M4 carbine and a machine gun."
Australian woman sues a five-star hotel in the United Arab Emirates after she was drugged and raped by co-workers and jailed for eight months for adultery
Earliest Christian writings in existence discovered in Jordanian cave - 70 new books almost 2,000 years old
There are not many occasions where you could say an axe murdering rampage was justified, but this is one of them
Afghan Mob Kills 10 UN Workers (to protest Koran-
burning by Florida Pastor Terry Jones)
UN set to recognize Palestine as a sovereign nation, including all of the West Bank and Gaza. 
Pro-Palestinian Jewish Activist Shot Dead in Jenin by Palestinian Terrorists
Julian Assange: "WikiLeaks is the intelligence agency of the people"
New 7.4 earthquake in Japan! Tsunami warning issued
"A human skull dated to about 2,684 years ago with an 'exceptionally preserved' human brain still inside of it was recently discovered in a waterlogged U.K. pit...The brain is the oldest known intact human brain from Europe and Asia...it's one of the best-preserved ancient brains in the world."
Anti-porn MP caught surfing sex websites during parliament
U.N. diplomat charged with investigating claims of torture is denied private meeting with WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning
The Canadian Cannabis laws have been declared invalid, in 90 days it will be fully re legalized.
Jamaica to Look Again at Decriminalizing Marijuana
Libya Rebels Execute, Behead, Mutilate Gaddafi Army after they Surrender...
A FINNISH EUROSCEPTIC party that opposed immigration, the Euro, and bailouts for struggling European countries has won a fifth of votes in the countrys general election.
Castro resigns as head of Cuban Communist party, allows Cubans to buy and sell property for first time since 1959
Internet protests have started in New Zealand after its government passed a controversial "three strikes" filesharing bill under urgency
Director of "Restrepo" and Photographer Chris Hondros killed in Misurata, Libya.
Syrian Forces Open Fire On Demonstrators (NSFW)
TIL Fukushima workers only eat two meals a day -  crackers and vegetable juice for breakfast, and a packet of rice with chicken for dinner. In the evenings, they gather around in a safe room to cheer "Let's do our best!" and clap once, before  going to sleep on the floor.
Fatah and Hamas sign reconciliation deal: Palestinian factions agree to form interim government and fix general election date following talks in Cairo
World-famous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been "disappeared" by China's state security forces. Every trace of Ai's life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet, and his only hope may be a global outcry for his release. 
France Dropping Concrete Bombs In Libya 
Bin Laden is Dead
Sony announces second data breach with theft of 25m more user details
British about to vote against ending of 2 party rule 
in referendum, after a NO campaign funded by 
bankers, hedge-fund managers and big business.
Last World War I combat vet dies in Australia...
Brazil's Supreme Court unanimously approves same-sex civil unions.
Mexico's failed war against the drug gangs - Mexicans are calling for an end to the battle against organised crime that has cost 40,000 lives
Japan Prime Minister will give up his salary until the nuclear crisis is over. 
The entertainment industries' copyright lobby supports an LEWP proposal to introduce Europe-wide firewall to censor and block illicit websites: The Pirate Bay team is rallying public support to defend the free Internet and end this threat
Israel revokes residency of 140,000 Palestinians in West Bank. Any resident who temporarily left the state after 1967 for vacation/work/study is targeted. PLO calls it "war crime".
SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid - CBS Evening News - 
How one Japanese village defied the tsunami
Gadhafi's new weapon: Fill an inflatable boat with explosives, put mannequins in it, and send it out to sea in search of a humanitarian aid ship to destroy
Filipino president says he's ready to accept excommunication from church for promoting free access to condoms
As the Japanese government and TEPCO struggle to bring the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control, a group of pensioners has decided to put their lives at risk to save younger people from radiation.
 
Wikileaks releases the Pakistan Papers
Egypt sentences Police Officer to death for killing protesters 
Police officer will be charged with manslaughter over the death of Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests
Egypt finds 17 lost pyramids: A satellite survey used infra-red images to detect underground buildings
Police arrest man suspected to be Ratko Mladi
Agribusiness wins and Brazil does away with laws to protect large swaths of rainforest 
Archaeologists find sealed tunnel underneath Teotihuacan temple
The elderly of Japan want to help their country one last time with the nuclear crisis
Global leaders - "Global war on drugs has failed"
MI6 attacks al-Qaeda in 'Operation Cupcake': British intelligence hacked into an al-Qaeda online magazine and replaced bomb-making instructions with a recipe for cupcakes
German cabinet approves a plan to shut down all its 17 nuclear power plants by 2022; eight reactors will be shut down immediately.
Anonymous Message to NATO
F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone says Bahrain Grand Prix will be cancelled after 11 F1 teams objected
The Netherlands first country to anchor net neutrality in law 
More than 300 Tibetan monks have disappeared after being rounded up by Chinese security forces at a monastery for "re-education."
Mexican drug cartels have taken cruelty up a notch, says one drug trafficker: kidnapping bus passengers for gladiatorlike fights to the death
LulzSec strikes again
US, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, and others at UN condemn "three strikes" Internet laws, say the laws violate human rights
Vancouver Canuck fans riot after Stanley Cup loss. (Live)
Lone man stands up to rioters in Vancouver. "This is our city. What the fuck are you doing?" (crossposted from r/canada)
World's oceans in 'shocking' decline
19-year-old suspected of being mastermind behind computer hacking group LulzSec arrested in UK
A home-made heroin substitute is having a horrific effect on thousands of Russia's drug addicts
LEAKED: UK copyright lobby holds closed-door meetings with gov't to discuss national Web-censorship regime
Amsterdam fights for your right to smoke pot: The proposed ban on allowing foreigners to purchase cannabis will increase crime, Amsterdam officials say.
Video smuggled out of North Korea. Children begging, army starving. More evidence of famine within the secretive State. 
Netherlands bans kosher and halal animal slaughter
North Korea slashes food rations to 150 grams of rice per day.  One hundred grams of rice produces about 250-350 calories
Russian court bans Scientology literature as extremist
"Being told to kill peaceful civilians is the most brutal thing that ever happened to me," says defected former sniper.
Oil spill off China coast will hurt fishing industry, causing 
 long-term environmental damage - Spill was kept hidden from public for weeks 










Vietnam Era Weapon, Agent Orange, Being Used to Clear the Amazon
12 year old girl ends life to donate eyes to dad &amp; a kidney to her brother
15-year-old boy tortured to death in Syrian prison for "failing to praise president"
US suspends Pakistan military aid, withholding $800m as diplomatic relations reach a standstill
Campaign to boycott Rupert Murdoch is gathering pace
A simple invention, a bottle of water and a couple teaspoons of bleach, is bringing light to the slums of the Philippines.
Colombian army colonel admits his unit murdered 57 civilians, then dressed them in uniforms and claimed they were rebels killed in combat.
Wikileaks: New Zealand's Three Strikes Law was Pushed, Bought and Paid for by the US
David Cameron's meetings with Rupert Murdoch's executives in a year exceed those with all other news organisations put together. Not a single figure from the BBC was granted an audience.
Rebekah Brooks' husband 'accidentally' has computer thrown out
Rupert Murdoch's News International has been found by a parliamentary committee to have "deliberately" tried to block a Scotland Yard criminal investigation into phone hacking
The Times of London (a News International paper) publishes "most offensive cartoon yet" in response to hacking scandal
Huge explosion in downtown Oslo
Firsthand account of Utya Massacre (crosspost from r/linux, of all places) 
Internet users "have a reasonable expectation of anonymity" that the courts must protect: ruling by a Canadian Superior Court judge
UK Bans Make-Up Advertisements for being Misleading
Children in nuclear-hit Fukushima are to undergo 
regular cancer tests - for the rest of their lives.
Guardian: Let's Stop Assuming the Police are on Our Side - From mass arrests to surveillance, confidence in the Metropolitan police is at an all-time low
Murdoch's News International ordered tech firm to mass-deleted emails.
Israel agrees to negotiate over pre-'67 lines
Police in Sydney are trying to defuse a bomb that has been strapped to a teenage girl
Facebook facial recognition software violates privacy laws, says Germany - Social network must stop programme and delete data already collected on users  or face fines up to 300,000, says official
'People are being slaughtered like sheep': Gunmen in plainclothes are randomly shooting people in the streets of the besieged Syrian city of Hama and families are burying their loved ones in gardens at home for fear of being killed themselves if they venture out to cemeteries, a resident says.
NHS among developed world's most efficient health systems, says study, the United States healthcare system was among the least efficient and effective.
This is serious Reddit - London riots spreading.   Looting and violence in three London areas in broad daylight - more expected. Birmingham too.
This why they're rioting. An interview with Darcus Howe, a West Indian Writer, that the BBC will never play again. 
Google admits handing over European user data to US intelligence agencies, most likely in violation of European Union data protection laws
"If we don't want our young people to tear apart our communities then don't let people in power tear apart the values that hold our communities together." - A nice little take on the riots
Pakistan let China see stealth chopper from bin Laden raid
Indian police arrest 73 year old anti-corruption activist sparking peaceful demonstrations throughout the country
Argentina: Judge orders all ISPs to block the sites LeakyMails.com and Leakymails.blogspot.com - which publish relevant documents exposing corruption of the political class and the powerful in Argentina
Need a warrant to unmask Internet users? Not if Canada gets its way
Japanese police say people have returned $78 million in missing cash after quake.  "The fact that a hefty 2.3 billion yen in cash has been returned to its owners shows the high level of ethical awareness in the Japanese people,"
Canadian Opposition Leader Jack Layton Dies.
Three years after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, the financial industry has become a threat to the global economy again. Governments missed the chance to regulate the industry, and another crash is just a matter of time.
Brazilian Wind Power Now Cheaper Than Natural Gas
In the ruins of Gadhafi's lair, rebels find album filled with photos of his 'darling' Condoleezza Rice
"Most important of all, the United States should support the Palestinians' bid for recognition as a state at the United Nations. Israel has demanded for decades that the Palestinians drop violence and turn to diplomacy to achieve their goals. That is what going to the United Nations is. Diplomacy."
Luxury, horror lurk in Gadhafi family compound
Chinese doctors to call for bear farms to be closed
Worlds 7 billionth person about to be born
Al Jazeera English reporting evidence found in Libya of a former US Ambassador, and a currently serving congressman have been providing advice to Gadaffi on how to cling to power.
Hackings Stunning Victim List - 
Scotland Yard has a list of 3,870 people whose phones were tapped. From the "schoolboy killer" to Prince William, the scandal's huge scope.
Turkish PM suspends all ties with Israel
WikiLeaks: Every law proposal, every ordinance, and every govt report hostile to the net, youth, and civil liberties in Sweden in recent years have been commissioned by the US govt and industry interests
The lifetime ban on blood donations by homosexual and bisexual men will be lifted in England, Scotland and Wales
Turkish Prime Minister: Turkish navy will escort any aid vessel to Gaza.
Star of Spartacus blood and sand - dies aged 39
Japan Earthquake, Six Months Later [Pics]
Vladimir Putin: Action Man [pics]
Iran blocks Tor; Tor releases same-day fix
A glimpse of North Korea - The Big Picture
First projections see German Pirate Party at 8,5 % in Berlin state elections
Italy Proposes Law That Will Ban People From The Internet Based On Single Accusation Of Infringement From Anyone
Al Jazeera news director resigns after WikiLeaks disclosure reveals that the network edited its coverage of the Iraq war because of pressure by the US government
Child rapist to get less time than pot grower (Canada) 

Scientists claim to have broken the absolute speed barrier - particles travelling faster than the speed of light.
Egypt's revolution has become a military coup: Egypt's army, which continues to cement  and flaunt  its grip on power, appears to have hijacked the revolution
Turkey's PM asks: Why are UN sanctions promoted as a means of dealing with Iran and Sudan, but taboo with regards to Israel?
Japans ruling party proposed a 9.2 trillion yen ($120 billion) tax increase and selling the governments stake in Japan Tobacco Inc. to fund rebuilding from the March 11 earthquake and nuclear disaster.
Denmark taxes fatty products - Denmark is to impose the world's first "fat tax" in a drive to slim its population and cut heart disease.
Australian girl gets court to place her on airport watch list to stop her parents from forcing her into an arranged marriage in Lebanon.
In praise of chaos:
Governments attempts to control the internet 
should be resisted
Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Saul Permutter, Brian P Schmidt and Adam G Riess for for the discovery of the accelerating expansion of the Universe through observations of distant supernovae
A 33-year-old man  died when he tried to protect a woman who was being mugged on a Paris metro train 
Italian Wikipedia shuts down. (ddl is the first stage of a law)
Brutal eviction of Palestinian family in Jaffa caught on tape
BBC News - Police called after man takes picture of his own daughter in shopping centre
France forces TV ads to pipe down, new rules have been introduced as a response to complaints from viewers that TV ads are much louder than the programmes they are interrupting.

UK government forgives Goldman Sachs $15.6 million (10M pounds) in interest when Goldman Sachs' tax avoidance scheme failed.
Arrest Bush when he visits B.C., Amnesty tells Ottawa  - The rights body says both Canadian and international law oblige Canada to detain Bush and investigate him for war crimes and torture.
The Oslo terrorist attacks didn't change anything: Norwegian police maintain their stance of not bearing arms
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff takes hard line on corruption, fires chief of staff and ministers: 'People are making it clear in the streets and elsewhere that long-tolerated sins such as bribery, graft and other acts of corruption are no longer tolerable.'
Occupy Wall Street Spreads Worldwide [pics]
We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria
Libyan forces 'capture Gaddafi' - local TV reports.
700 metres of the Great Wall of China collapses due to excessive mining
Japan 6 months later... Hard work pays off
The bankers' blockade of WikiLeaks must end: Whether you support WikiLeaks or not, the blockade by Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and others is a sinister attack on free speech
Apple Continues To Insist Only It Can Use An Apple In A Logo; Threatens Small German Cafe
Bangkok Underwater [Pics]
Britain's top directors condemned as "elite greedy pigs" after a 49% pay rise last year, while average workers failed even to keep up with inflation
UNESCO gives Palestinians full membership
Israel to shift tax burden to the rich and corporations: Israel's protest movement celebrates its first tangible success.

Wikileaks' Julian Assange loses extradition appeal
Iran claims to have proof of US-led terror plots, plans to expose it
China to phase out incandescent lightbulbs:  Energy-inefficient lightbulbs will be phased out in five years in a bid to save energy and curb climate change

UK ban on blood donation by gay men has been lifted (from r/globalhealth)
The artist Ai Wei Wei has been ordered to pay a fine of 1.6 million euros. To show their solidarity, people in China and elsewhere have made donations that have added up to a six-figure sum in just three days. 
Italy's Berlusconi Agrees To Resign After Passing Austerity Bill
Mexico City mayor calls drug policy 'schizophrenic': "If the US is legalizing marijuana and we're over here killing ourselves on the street over marijuana, that does not make sense," says Ebrard referring to California's efforts to decriminalize the sale and use of cannabis
A seven-year-old Argentine boy has defied doctors' predictions that he would never walk, with help from a homemade rehabilitation device built by his father.
Scottish school removes concrete play area and replaces with "Urban Jungle" containing trees, hills, boulders and tunnels.  Over a 2 year period results in 80% fewer accidents! 
What We Can Learn From the Dutch About Teen Sex
EU has banned the use of X-ray body scanners in European airports, parting ways with the US TSA which has deployed hundreds of the scanners as a way to screen millions of airline passengers for explosives hidden under clothing
Save the Internet: The US Congress is debating a law that would give them the power to censor the world's internet - creating a blacklist that could target YouTube, WikiLeaks and even groups like Avaaz!
Neutrinos still faster than light in latest version of experiment
Egypt - Pile of bodies spotted in Tahrir Square, surrounded by police.
Voice of Russia: The US and the West have long criticized China for stifling dissent and for censorship but now they are not only joining China but they are taking censorship even further and attempting to censor the whole world
James Murdoch resigns as director of Sun, Times and Sunday Times
Two bankers that a week ago caused the collapse 
of two banks in Latvia and Lithuania are arrested 
today in London. Lithuania says their banks will be 
liquidated, the government should not waste 
taxpayers' money trying to help "a plane that won't 
fly."
A Chinese entrepreneur's bid for 30,639 hectares (120 sq mi) of Iceland was denied, prompting the investor to say it reveals western "hypocrisy &amp; deep prejudice".  Iceland limits foreigners buying property to protect its independence &amp; ensure citizens - rather than foreigners - benefit.
Anders Behring Breivik 'not accountable for attacks'. Psychiatrists have found that Anders Behring Breivik was insane at the time of the crime.
UK experiencing the worst disruption to services in decades as more than 2 million public sector workers stage a nationwide strike, closing schools and bringing councils and hospitals to a virtual standstill
Women held against her will on Scientology cruise ship for 12 years!
A win-win on drugs? Fighting gangs by legalizing pot: Copenhagen voted overwhelmingly to remove its cannabis prohibition.  

Julian Assange wins the right to take his case against extradition to the UK supreme court.
Russia has sent interior ministry troops to Moscow and increased the alert level of security forces after a protest of thousands of people opposing Vladimir Putin 
Petition to pardon computer pioneer Alan Turing started
A Russian Awakening? - Russia's once apolitical youth has taken to the streets of Moscow and launched the largest demonstrations since the collapse of the Soviet Union 
Iranian TV airs footage of captured US drone
A South Korean coastguard was stabbed to death by a Chinese fisherman Monday in an operation to apprehend a Chinese vessel operating illegally near South Korean waters
Deadly blasts rock Belgian city
"For the first time on record, the Chinese Communist party has lost all control, with the population of 20,000 in this southern fishing village now in open revolt."  Wukan denizens clash with Chinese police and run all Party officials out of their town.
Police shave mohawks off punks at Indonesia concert - Police in Indonesias most conservative province raided a punk-rock concert and detained 65 fans, buzzing off their spiky mohawks and stripping away body piercings because of the perceived threat to Islamic values.
Christopher Hitchens dies at 62
North Korea Leader Kim-Jong Il has died
Thousands Of Rare Documents Burned In Egypt Clash: "This is equal to the burning of Galileo's books"
Assad losing control as 10,000 soldiers desert Syrian military
Canada "honor killings" on trial: An Afghan immigrant allegedly killed his daughters. "They betrayed everything."
BBC News - Volkswagen turns off work email after work hours for staff. Wants to reduce the blurring of lines between home and work.
The Russian media has lost its fear of Putin. History tells us the end must be nigh.
BBC News - Why Irish soldiers who fought Hitler hide their medals
PERU has banned GM crops production for 10 years
Mexican Drug War - Five Years Later (images)
Shell oil company refuses to clean up its African oil spill.
China has reportedly cut two-thirds of TV entertainment shows as part of a government campaign to reign in "excessive entertainment."
US Threatened To Blacklist Spain For Not Implementing Site Blocking Law
Iran Is Now Gearing Up For Its 'Greatest Wargames Ever' In The Strait Of Hormuz
Over Half of Germany's Renewable Energy Owned by Citizens &amp; Farmers, Not Utility Companies
Australia Tells Japan Whalers to Stay Out of it Waters  - Again
Due to pressure from ultra-Orthodox groups, women will be banned from speaking at an Israeli conference - on gynecology.
Loggers in Brazil captured an eight-year-old girl from one of the Amazon's last uncontacted tribes and burned her alive as part of a campaign to force the indigenous population from its land.
Scotland Yard Report Finds British Citizen Was Tortured in Secret CIA Site
MIT study shows that the increased presence of local female political leaders in India has had a marked impact on adolescents and their families, raising the career aspirations and educational performance of young women.
The Mexican navy says it has seized 195 tonnes of chemicals which can be used to make the drug methamphetamine
Cruise Captain Says He 'Tripped' Into Lifeboat, Couldn't Get Out
Thailand recognizes Palestinian state
Sir Richard Branson - Its time to end the failed war on drugs 
Rick Falkvinge: Its Time To Go On The Offensive For Freedom Of Speech: "the copyright industry gets insane amounts of money for doing absolutely nothing, and use that money to buy laws that give them even more money and restrict our freedoms of speech. That is repulsive.'

    
Europe is considering a sweeping new law that would force Internet companies like Amazon.com and Facebook to obtain explicit consent from consumers about the use of their personal data, delete that data forever at the consumers request and face fines for failing to comply.
Fidel Castro lambasted the Republican presidential race as the greatest competition of "idiocy and ignorance" the world has ever seen
Gates donates $750 million to fight AIDS, TB and malaria
Carlos Fuentes: legalise drugs to save Mexico - Telegraph
Sarkozy Confirms 'Robin Hood' Tax For France. 0,1% tax on financial transactions
Acta goes too far, says MEP-Kader Arif, the lead Acta negotiator in the European Parliament, says Acta potentially cuts access to lifesaving generic drugs and restricts online freedom
Bulgarian ISPs Rise against ACTA (xpost r/evolutionreddit)
Slovenia's ambassador apologizes to her children and her nation for signing ACTA, calls for mass demonstrations in Ljubljana tomorrow (xpost R/evolutionReddit)
Passengers at airports across Australia will be forced to undergo full-body scans or be banned from flying under new laws to be introduced this week.
Lake Vostok surface reached
For the first year in its history, India has no reported cases of polio.
Charlotte Church stands alone as hacking victims settle. Singer's refusal to accept pre-trial deal means Murdoch empire still faces damaging court case

11 current Latin American leaders call for legal drug regulation as an alternative to the war on drugs. 
Monsanto is found guilty of chemical poisoning in France. The company was sued by a farmer who suffers neurological problems that the court found linked to pesticides.
Canadian legislation will require internet service providers to log internet activity of all customers and provide information to government and police. The government says anyone who is against the bill is siding with child pronographers
Bulgaria refuses to ratify ACTA
Bill C-309, if passed, would make it a crime to protest in a mask.  Could be up to a five year sentence.
$6 Trillion in counterfeit US bonds found. Am I wrong for thinking this should be bigger news?
Leaked Memo Blows The Lid Off Of The Entire Greek Bailout: That everything undertaken so far is destroying the Greek economy, and that further reforms will only make it worse.
France to EU: Stop Monsanto's Corn
Finally, Outrage in China Against Bear Farming
Report: London no safer for all its CCTV cameras
WHO Declares India Polio-Free!
Guatemala, Colombia, and Mexico are considering the regional legalization of the drug trade
Interpol arrests 25 suspected members of Anonymous hackers group
Megaupload Founder Defeats US Govt Attempts To Put Him Back In Prison
AntiSec dumps Monsanto data on the Web: "Your continued attack on the worlds food supply, as well as the health of those who eat it, has earned you our full attention. Your crimes against humanity are too many to name on one page."
Police are linked to blacklist of construction workers who were considered leftist or troublesome. The blacklist destroyed people's lives, broke up families, ensured that people were unable to earn a living. It devastated people year after year. 
Appeal Lost - UK ISPs will have to send warning letters to alleged illegal file downloaders, as well as potentially cutting users off
Man reports CP in music download and is banned from seeing his own daughter alone
The desecration of an Aboriginal burial site in Australia with swastikas and the letters KKK is condemned as "disgusting" by officials.
U.S. adds Vatican to money-laundering 'concern' list
Bradley Manning's treatment was cruel and inhuman, UN torture chief rules
Indian Govt uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97%
Israel is planning to demolish 'illegal' solar panels that are the only source of electricity for Palestinians in West Bank villages
Moroccans demand change to Islamic penal code after a girl kills herself because judge forced her to marry her rapist
Chinese official proposes death penalty as deterrent to government corruption amounting to about $100,000 or greater. 
Iranians respond to Israeli Facebook initiative: Israel, we &lt;3 you too
The "potato movement" is taking off across Greece: agricultural produce is being sold directly to consumers by their producers.
Russian Court declares books on Scientology to be "extremist literature" and bans them from sale.
Pirating UK Student to be Extradited to the US: 'Despite public outrage Home Secretary Theresa May approved the extradition order today. The 23-yr-old student has never visited US, but now faces several years in a US prison.'
North Korea warned that any criticism of its nuclear weapons program would be considered a declaration of war
Denmark aims to get 50% of all electricity from wind power
James Cameron releases the first ever video footage of the bottom of the Mariana Trench - seven miles below the ocean's surface.
A secret unit within Rupert Murdoch's News Corp promoted a wave of high-tech piracy, crippling competition in the Australian Pay TV market, with direct ramifications in the US and Italy.
Colombias former president calls Americas drug war a failure: We cannot be condemned to live in war because Americans do not want to talk about it. No one speaks in favor of the war on drugs.
Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China.
ACTA Could be Passed in 10 Weeks; Take Action Before Its Too Late
Drugs war 'a failure' that bred criminals
Draconian Privacy Invasion Bill Continues to Gain Support: 'The bill is touted as being much worse than SOPA when it comes to privacy invasions. CISPA also appears to include the infringement of intellectual property as a security threat warranting access to user data.'
Rupert Murdochs Sky News acknowledges hacking emails, says it was in public interest 
"So what did the troll actually say?" Why exactly is Liam Stacey in jail?
NZ police mysteriously lose video of Megaupload raid
8.7 Earthquake outside Indonesia
North Korea missile launch expected in next 24 to 48 hours
Oxford University and the Vatican Library to digitize 1.5 million pages of ancient texts and images and make them freely available online
No one was murdered in El Salvador on Saturday, in what was the first homicide-free day in nearly three years.
Ten police officers were arrested after the owner of a used auto-parts business filed a complaint accusing the officers of kidnapping and torturing him because he refused to pay them a bribe. He was burned to death inside his home in Juarez right before he was scheduled to testify. 
Picture of Afghan Girl screaming after suicide bombing wins Pulitzer Prize
Cruise Ship Saw Them, But Didn't Help Drifting Boat, Passengers Say - 
After 28 days at sea, only 1 of the 3 men aboard an injured Panama fishing boat was still alive
After an epic four year legal battle, the Australian High Court has upheld previous rulings that ISP iiNet is not responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers.
US to sanction authoritarian regimes that block internet access for protesters
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
Drug maker Novartis takes legal action in UK to make hospitals use $1,000 eye drug over $97 alternative
India Girl Ends Child 'Marriage' - 
A young woman has her child marriage legally annulled in northern Rajasthan state, in what is thought to be the 1st case of its kind in India.
Incredible. A blind Chinese activist escapes 90 guards and posts video exposing his abuse under house arrest
UN adds Israel to the list list of states limiting human rights organizations
"We conclude therefore that Rupert Murdoch is not a fit person to exercise the stewardship of a major international company"
Tsunami motorcycle washes up in Canada, owner located in Japan. Now Harley Davidson wants to restore it for him.
Russian Military threatens to make pre-emptive strike on US missile shield facilities
Vogue bans skinny, underage models - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Worried about online porn? Don't regulate the net  regulate your kids.

2012 vs. 1984: Young adults really do have it harder today - The Globe and Mail
The amount of plastic trash in the "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" has increased 100-fold during the past 40 years, causing "profound" changes to the marine environment
Colombia passes 1st draft of drug crop legalization bill: 'The initiative calls for the decriminalization of growing plants such as coca, marijuana and opium poppies in the country.'
A public schoolgirl who died from a brain hemorrhage at 13 has saved eight lives by donating her organs. 
Don Ritchie saved over 500 people from suicide. He lived near 'The Gap' an infamous ocean cliff where hundreds of people have gone to commit suicide. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia and was named a Local Hero in 2011. He died peacefully today in his home at 85 years old.
In a landmark case in Finland, a court has ruled that an open WiFi owner is not liable for illegal file-sharing
A German man who alleges he was subjected to "extraordinary rendition" by the CIA has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights.
Britain: 50 policemen raided seven addresses and arrested 6 people for making 'offensive' and 'anti-Semitic' remarks on Facebook 
Mexico's Drug War: 50,000 Dead in 6 Years
Suicide blast kills more than 100 Yemeni troops at parade rehearsal - CNN.com
Tony Blair and George Bush's phone conversation a week before Iraq invasion 'must be released'
Indian state to let forest guards shoot poachers on sight: Maharashtra government says killing poachers will no longer be considered a crime after eight tiger deaths in the state this year.
Quebec is trampling basic human rights to quash student protests
Julian Assange wears Anonymous-style mask in rare public appearance
Hundreds of lawyers take to the streets in full courtroom attire in protest of unconsitutional Quebec law
Dutch Parliament kills ACTA by unanimous vote, 'no similar agreement will be ever signed by the government'
France to cap executive pay at state firms: no more than 20 times the lowest pay.
Dutch company plans colony on Mars. The one way trip only takes seven months!
Eduard Khil ('Trololo Guy') dies in St. Petersburg, aged 77
Norway goes secular, removes Lutheran Church as state religion
Ray Bradbury Passes Away at 91.
In a matter of days, the number of expected foreign visitors to Tibet has gone from millions to zero, as China Forbids International Tourism to Tibet Indefinitely.
Parents who force their children to marry will face jail under new UK laws to be introduced
Vatican Banker Running Scared - Ousted head of Vatican bank may have evidence that the organization is involved in money laundering&amp; now he's afraid for his life.
Gallup Poll: 57% of Chinese believe environmental protection should be their country's top priority
Former British PM John Major testifies that Rupert 
Murdoch demanded his government change its 
policy on Europe or his papers would oppose him at 
the 1997 general election.
Pure ecstacy (MDMA) can be safe for adults; should be regulated and sold in stores: B.C. health officer
9-Year-Old Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians (Wired)
Indian drug giant Cipla cuts cost of cancer medicines in a humanitarian move, shaking up the drug market 
Brave man jumps into Moscow river after seeing a car plunge into the water, saves woman driver... as his own car and clothes get stolen.
Julian Assange flees: Seeks asylum in Ecuadorian embassy in London
ACTA rejected by last committee, crucial blow before final EU Parliament vote: 'The Internet, in all its diversity, winning a global political battle against some of the most powerful industries and governments'
BBC News - India unblocks The Pirate Bay and other sharing sites
"Lonesome George" The last-of-it's-kind Galapagos Tortoise has died at 100.
Circumcision of kids a crime - German court
Australians and New Zealanders are the biggest users of recreational drugs, particularly cannabis, according to the 2012 United Nations World Drug Report.
In Mexico, it's taken as fact that the United States is backing the drug cartels...
British Journalist Sexually Assaulted in Cairo's Tahrir Square.... "Men began to rip off my clothes," she wrote. "I was stripped naked......"These men, hundreds of them, had turned from humans to animals."
Announcing The Declaration Of Internet Freedom: "A whole bunch of organizations and individuals are getting together today to launch the beginning of a process, the creation of an Internet Declaration of Freedom."
European court declares resale of used software 
licenses legal, not matter where and how they were 
obtained.
Banks across the world fixed interest rates in run-up to the financial crisis, says former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond
Matt Taibbi:LIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government
Nearly 25% of all adults in Botswana are infected with the HIV. But the response against the disease has been stunning with the government providing free, life-saving AIDS drugs to almost all of its citizens who need them.  
20,000 Leatherback turtle eggs crushed by heavy machinery on Trinidad beach - thestar.com
Melinda Gates challenges Vatican by vowing to improve contraception
WikiLeaks wins case against VISA 
So thirsty he called police: Coroner slams hospital staff who refused dying patient's desperate pleas for water
Calls to destroy the Pyramids were a hoax, begun by a satirical twitter account, which western news outlets took as fact.
The Average Canadian is Now Richer than the Average American
Girls denied cervical cancer jab - Some schools in England have opted out of the HPV vaccination programme because their pupils "follow strict Christian principles" and "do not practise sex outside marriage".
Drug decriminalization in Portugal decreases number of addicts
Lenovo CEO distributes his $3 Million USD Bonus to his 10,000 Employees 
Super rich hiding up to $32 trillion offshore, which amounts to roughly the US and Japanese GDP combined. Up to $280bn is lost in tax revenues. Some of the world's biggest banks are involved: HSBC, Citigroup, Bank of America, UBS, Credit Suisse
How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism: "The Norwegian response to violence is more democracy, more openness and greater political participation," said the prime minister. A year later it seems the prime minister has kept his word
Gorillas Seen Destroying and Dismantling  Poachers' Snares In Rwanda 
French President Francois Hollande has called for a 75 percent income tax on top earners in France to help lower the country's deficit
Cuban president Ral Castro willing to hold no-limits talks with America
 Germany Breaks 25% Renewable Energy Barrier - It produced 67.9 billion kWh renewable energy in 1st 1/2 of 2012, an increase of 19.5% from last year. The world's top market for power converted from solar radiation, its installed capacity accounts for over 1/3 of global total.
Power grids fail, leaving 600 million without power in India 
The American embassy in Norway forgot about their own practise bomb and called in the Norwegian bomb squad when they found it.
Obama authorizes secret U.S. support for Syrian rebels
| Reuters
In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time for them.
NASA's Curiosity rover has successfully landed on Mars! The first pictures are expected shortly. (Guardian liveblog)
In world's 1st commercial deep-sea mining project, Canadian firm will mine for gold &amp; copper in Papua New Guinea's seabed,  despite vehement objections over threat to marine life -  Nautilus Minerals has been granted a 20-yr license 


Thousands of UK Workers 'Blacklisted' Over Political Views. Corporations in the UK used a secret "blacklisting" database to screen out left wing trouble-makers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits.
Islamist sect found living underground near Russian city for nearly 10 years - many of the children had never seen daylight
The Libor scandal is the largest financial scandal of all-time, but receiving almost no TV coverage. Here is a complete package of news articles on the matter. 
QANTAS airline defends policy of moving any men sitting next to unaccompanied minors, to different seats.  Because every adult male is a potential child molester...
Canadians ridicule unarmed American Tourist's fears
India announces plans for a Mars mission in 2013
Ecuador to Let Julian Assange Stay in Its Embassy.
Pussy Riot found GUILTY
14 year old girl too young to work as a counsellor at a camp for kids with cancer. Instead, she raised $90k by becoming the youngest person to swim across Lake Ontario.
Iran bans women from 70 university degree courses 
A week after losing his appeal for the right-to-die with assistance from a doctor, Tony Nicklinson, who was paralysed from the neck down and described his life as a "living nightmare", dies after refusing food for a week.
Tomorrow, a 100 year old mysterious package, its content unknown, will be opened in a museum in Norway. A true time capsule is revealed.
Anders Brevik sentenced to 21 years...
Australian State to try and Ban cigarettes to anyone born after 2000
University of the People, a tuition-free online university aimed at poor students around the globe who would otherwise not have access to higher education.
Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food -- "The theft blunted the countrys only weapon against widespread starvation -- a five-decade-old public distribution system that has failed to deliver record harvests to the plates of Indias hungriest."
Some 270 South African miners arrested during protests will be charged with the murder of their 34 colleagues shot by police
World's richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder
A virus that eats cancer, Cheap to 
produce, the virus is exquisitely 
precise, with only mild, flu-like side-
effects in humans is just sitting in a 
refrigerator in a Swedish laboratory. 
'I couldn't believe CNN was making me put what I knew to be government lies into my reporting.'
Evangelical Christian doctor in Australia banned from practicing as GP for prescribing chemical castration to "cure" teenager of being gay
Afghan actress stabbed to death by male mob for appearing on television. Numerous other actresses have received death threats and have been forced into hiding. "Afghanistan is not made for women... whether actresses or not."
Caribbean coral reefs face collapse.  Only 8% showing live coral cover.


South Korea rejects creationist interference in school textbooks
US ambassador and 3 staff members killed in an attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya
Up to 10 Libyans were also killed or wounded defending the US cousulate
U.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood over contradiction between the Brotherhoods Arabic and English Twitter postings.  English feed: "hope US-Eg relations will sustain turbulence of Tuesday's events." Arabic feed: Egyptians revolt for the Prophets victory in front of U.S. embassy.
France Says No to Genetically Modified Crops, No to Fracking: the ban specifically targets Monsanto's MON810 maize, as it is the only GMO currently allowed in Europe
Russia has just declassified news that will shake world gem markets to their core: the discovery of a vast new diamond field containing "trillions of carats," enough to supply global markets for another 3,000 years.
France bans protests against anti-Muslim video
Uruguay Takes War on Drugs in New Direction: state monopoly over the production &amp; distribution of marijuana, making it the 1st national government to sell cannabis directly to citizens
Egypt's mufti urges Muslims to endure insults peacefully. Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday
After 11 years in Guantanamo, a man who was never charged with any crime, and was recommended twice for release has been found dead.
Hillary to World Leaders: Time for the Rich to Pony Up Their Taxes: You know Im out of American politics, but it is a fact that around the world, the elites of every country are making money. There are rich people everywhere. And yet they do not contribute to the growth of their own countries."
"
New comet discovered predicted to blaze brighter than the full moon next year
President Obama to United Nations: 'We Do Not Ban Blasphemy'
Iran news agency picks up "Onion" story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama
Bahraini court sentences 9 doctors to prison for up to 5 years for treating injured protesters. 
Mafia Runs 90% of Illegal Tropics Logging - Illegal logging is driving the lion's share of deforestation in the world's rain forests, &amp; organized crime is to blame for almost all of it. That's the grim conclusion of a new U.N. report.
Stolen Maple Syrup Recovered
BBC News - Turkey's parliament authorises military action in Syria
Canadian government fires all non-Christian Chaplains in federal prisons

How the banking crash sparked a credit union boom: People are turning away from casino finance and towards a more democratic system that isn't just about money-making

14-year-old Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai has been shot; she had been on a Taliban 'hit list' since March after giving her diary to the BBC in the wake of women being forbidden an education in her town
Scotland will hold a vote in 2014 on independence in what could result in the eventual breakup of Britain
A group of 23 impoverished west African fishing communities has driven off a fleet of illegal, unreported &amp; unregulated "pirate" trawlers by filming &amp; reporting them when they are found in their waters.  9 of the 10 ships identified  were found to have licences to export catches to Europe.
Italian church to be stripped of tax exemption from 2013: The extra revenue from these exempt properties - including hotels, restaurants and sports centres - could be 25.5m a year in Rome alone
The shadow of ACTA is back in Europe, disguised as CETA (Canada-European Union and Trade Agreement): A comparison of the leaked draft CETA shows it includes a number of the same controversial provisions, specifically concerning criminal enforcement, private enforcement by ISPs, and harsh damages.
British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US
Chinese companies will be able to sue Canada in secret for trying to protect the Canadian environment if FIPPA (Canada-China Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Act) passes!
8,000-yr-old carvings in stone destroyed in Moroccos High Atlas Mountains by Salafists, Muslims who strictly prohibit idolatry - The carvings depicted the sun as a divinity. One of the carvings, called the plaque of the sun, predates the arrival of the Phoenicians in Morocco. 
 Shot Pakistani schoolgirl can stand, communicate 
Soldier sacked by the army 72 hours before he gets his full pension
A 28-year-old Tunisian who was caught on security camera stealing from a man who had fallen onto the tracks on the Stockholm subway and then leaving him to be hit by a train was sentenced to prison, deportation
Greedy U.S. billionaire urges Michigan voters to reject free bridge to Canada
Memorial to 'Forgotten' Holocaust Opens in Germany for 500,000 Gypsies Also Slaughtered by Nazis  Forward.com
Ashok Khemka, a bureaucrat in India, has been transferred out of his job 43 times because of his determination to follow the rules and whistleblowing. A senior career bureaucrat, he simply cannot tolerate corruption, and so, in every job he takes, he does his best to put a stop to it.
Incoming Dutch government ditches 'weed pass' plan that would have been available only to residents and that would have effectively banned tourists from Amsterdam's marijuana cafes
Amsterdam will not ban tourists from coffee shops, says mayor
The home front: Man builds 60ft-long World War I trench in his back garden - and then invites history buffs round for re-enactment
The girl was 16. She was raped by men from a higher caste, and her father committed suicide from the shame. The reaction of her community? To call for a change in the age of consent
Harassers of women in Cairo now face wrath of vigilantes. 'More and more groups are emerging to make protecting women  and shaming the do-nothing police  a cause'
Poll: Israel viewed negatively around the world,  BBC survey measures public opinion on 22 countries, places Israel in company of North Korea, ahead of only Iran, Pakistan.

 Ancient Buddhist city of Mes Aynak will be destroyed,  turned into an open pit copper mine
Cipla, the Indian drug company that cut prices of cancer drugs earlier this year, slashes prices of three more cancer drugs by 63%...
Arm raised in a Nazi-style salute, the leader of Greece's fastest-rising political party surveyed hundreds of young men in black T-shirts as they exploded into cheers. Their battle cry reverberated through the night: Blood! Honour! Golden Dawn! 
With more than 50,000 supporters, The uprising of women in the Arab world" facebook group is being blocked by Facebook, over a picture of a woman not wearing a veil.
UN says access to contraception a human right

Savita Halappanavar's medically unnecessary death: In the worst way possible, a woman refused a life-saving abortion in Ireland has proved 'pro-life' advocates wrong
Mexico lawmaker introduces bill to legalize marijuana. A leftist Mexican lawmaker on Thursday presented a bill to legalize the production, sale and use of marijuana, adding to a growing chorus of Latin American politicians who are rejecting the prohibitionist policies of the United States.
Turkish Prime Minister: "I say that Israel is a terrorist state, and its acts are terrorist acts"
Israel air force drops leaflets across Gaza City warning residents to evacuate homes "immediately"
Hamas executes six suspected collaborators with Israel; body dragged through street - San Jose Mercury News
Egypt protesters set fire to Muslim Brotherhood offices
Having survived two assassination attempts, Mexican mayor beaten to death
China's party paper falls for Onion joke about Kim Jong Un
Girl, 8, to get vaccination shots after court overrules mum (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Canada creates $5,000 cap on liability for file sharing lawsuits
Less than 24 hours after General Assembly recognizes Palestine as non-member state, Israel responds by approving construction of 3,000new housing units in Jerusalem, West Bank
Internet Hangs in Balance as World Governments Meet in Secret
Medicinal cannabis to be legalised in Ireland next year
North Korean prisoner born in labor camp escaped after 23 brutal years
Police and child advocates broke padlocks and busted down doors in a surprise raid of a sweatshop in India, to find a group of children imprisoned beeing forced to make Christmas decorations. The children, as young as 8 years old, were kept in rooms 6 ft by 6 ft and forced to work 19-hour days
U.N. summit votes to support Internet eavesdropping. Uses: censorship, identifying BitTorrent and MP3 transfers
Gunmen kill senior womens activist in Afghanistan 
Calls for a ban on helium balloons as world shortage worsens.  
Julian Assange to form Wikileaks Party, run for Australian Senate
The Real North Korea Problem - While the world fears its missiles 250,000 innocents, one-third of them children, are being forced to do slave labor on starvation rations and are daily subjected to heinous torture and executions
Internet remains unregulated after UN treaty blocked
Russia sees panic buying as Mayan apocalypse mania takes root
Ireland to legalise abortion
S Korea has it's first woman president.
Thieves arrested for stealing 6 million pounds of maple syrup in Canada
Syria dropping cluster bombs on civilians 
Swaziland Bans Women From Wearing "Rape-Provoking" Mini-Skirts, Midriff-Revealing Tops &amp; Low-Rise Jeans.  Offenders face 6-mos in  jail.  "The act of the rapist is made easy, because it'd be easy to remove half-cloth worn by women."  Those wearing such clothing are responsible for assaults or rapes.
Mexico Bishop Inspires, Infuriates by Telling 1,000s Gathered in Stadium That Politicians are Tied to Organized Crime, Lawmakers' Attempts to Curb Money Laundering are Intentionally Weak, &amp; New Labor Reforms are a Way to Enslave Mexican Workers
Putin Says He Will Sign Bill Banning Americans From Adopting Russian Children
A 17-year-old Indian girl who was gang-raped killed herself after police pressured her to drop the case and marry one of her attackers, police and a relative said on Thursday.
A young Nepali woman returning from Saudi Arabia is robbed by immigration officials and raped by a policeman 
In Pakistan: Gunmen stop a van containing teachers that educate girls, shoot and murder 5 teachers and 2 aid workers
Australian PM says abolishing compulsory voting would make democracy the plaything of cashed up interest groups.
Soccer team walks out on game in Italy after African player is taunted with monkey chants
Mother Jailed For Murdering Seven-Year-Old Son, for failing to learn Koran
Poachers killed a family of 11 elephants in the biggest single mass shooting of the animals on record in Kenya.
Saudi ruling puts end to marriage between 90-year-old man and his 15-year-old bride
The world's population could actually start declining.
Saudi Arabia beheads young Sri Lankan maid, despite international campaign for clemency

German govt  unexpectedly offers Paris concrete support as French troops battle Islamist extremists in Mali -  Though ruling out a combat role, Germany's military will provide transport &amp; medical assistance.
In China's capital, they're calling it the "airpocalypse," with air pollution that's literally off the charts. The air has been classified as hazardous to human health for a fifth consecutive day, at its worst hitting pollution levels 25x that considered safe in the U.S.
Insecticide 'unacceptable' danger to bees, report finds -- Campaigners say the conclusion by the European Food Safety Authority is a 'death knell' for neonicotinoid pesticides
Lucky prospector finds huge gold nugget 177 Oz/5.5kg (Australia)
An indigenous community in the Ecuadorian Amazon has won a reprieve after building up an arsenal of spears, blowpipes, machetes and guns to fend off an expected intrusion by the army and a state-run oil company.
A new asteroid-mining company, Deep Space Industries, Inc., launches Tuesday with the goal of helping humanity expand across the solar system by tapping the vast riches of space rocks.  It plans to launch a fleet of prospecting spacecraft in 2015.
$20 trillion oil basin discovered in Australia set to turn the country from importer to mass exporter.
Two former Scientology members sue church claiming it 'duped' people into donating  millions to misrepresented causes
Game to destroy CCTV cameras: vandalism or valid protest? Activists in Berlin are teaming up to trash surveillance cameras. Points are given, with bonus scores for the most innovative modes of destruction
Mali rebels fleeing Timbuktu burn library full of ancient manuscripts
Google unveils detailed map of North Korea
France to deport radical Muslim clerics
Syrian state TV has confirmed that Israeli warplanes bombed a military research centre northwest of the capital, Damascus.
Recent pictures from war-ridden Damascus by Reuter's photographer Goran Tomasevic | The Atlantic
The remains of Richard III, one of the most famous figures in English history, has been found.
North Korea, poised to conduct a nuclear test any day now, has posted a video on YouTube depicting a US city resembling New York engulfed in flames after an apparent missile attack.
Canada officially eliminates the penny, 35 billion pennies (82M kg/ 180M pounds) will be collected and melted down. Transactions will be rounded to the nearest $0.05
Dad must pay child support for 3 kids that aren't his: Court rules | Canada 
An Egyptian Salafi preacher said raping and sexually harassing women protesters in Cairos Tahrir Square is justified, calling them crusaders who have no shame, no fear and not even feminism.
Pope Pope Benedict XVI 'to resign'. The Pope is to resign at the end of this month in an entirely unexpected development, reports from the Vatican say.
Iran urges to destroy all atomic weapons after N.Korea nuclear test: "We need to come to the point where no country has any nuclear weapons and at the same time all weapons of mass destruction and nuclear arms need to be destroyed"
The European Union and the US will begin formal talks on a free-trade agreement, paving the way for the biggest trade deal in history. 
Totally drug-resistant TB uncovered, outbreak would be untreatable
Possible meteor shower reported in eastern Russia
North Korea threatens "final destruction" of South Korea at U.N.

You have the right to Google for a lawyer in Canada: 'After a 19-yr old struggled to find a lawyer using the telephone, an Alberta court has ruled that police must provide an accused with Internet access to exercise their right to counsel.'

Germans couldn't see many of the Russian meteor videos last week because a radio was playing music in the background. The German version of the MIAA wanted a penny per view.
Japanese are beginning to turn against the whaling industry. According to a new report, "Whaling is an unprofitable business that can survive only with substantial subsidies and one that caters to an increasingly shrinking and aging market.
Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people has the lowest reoffending rate in Europe
 Church of Scientology in Sydney accused of holding a young Taiwanese woman hostage
Maldives girl gets 100 lashes for pre-marital sex. 'A 15-year-old rape victim has been sentenced to 100 lashes for engaging in premarital sex, court officials said'
'Marijuana cannon' used to fire drugs over US border seized in Mexico
Manning statement: Americans had a right to know 'true cost of war'
US doctors cure child born with HIV
A huge comet is headed for Mars. If it hits, "it would be an event on the same sort of scale as the impact that drove the dinosaurs extinct 65m years ago. "
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dead at 58
Rhino Poachers Shot Dead by Forest Guards in India
North Korea officially voids non-aggression pacts with South, following new round of UN sanctions
South Korean Military Now Preparing for Unexpected North Korean Move
N. Korea ready to fight a real war with the U.S, its media report. 
Irish college students had 36 hrs to get as far as they could in the world, without spending any money. Some reached Argentina, Australia and Malaysia.
Bill Gates: capitalism means male baldness research gets more funding than malaria
VW shares $1.1b in profits with workers "'Profit sharing is hard earned and deserved; it is the equitable participation of employees in the success"
American defense contractor Lockheed Martin says it has "found a way to slash the amount of energy needed to remove salt from seawater," which has the potential to eliminate the world's shortage of fresh water in the future
British tourist jumped from hotel balcony in India and injured severely to escape from rape
More prisoners at Guantanamo Bay have joined a growing hunger strike that their lawyers say reflects hopelessness about their prospects of ever being freed from the detention center in Cuba.
Swiss Acupuncturist Arrested For Intentionally Infecting 16 People With HIV 
Twelve North Korean soldiers attempting to defect have been captured by Chinese troops and sent back to NK
Armenia is the first country in the world to make chess mandatory in schools, aiming to build a better society
Scottish Govt Approves Windfarm Opposed by Donald Trump - 
US businessman claims wind project off Aberdeen coast will spoil the views from his nearby golf course
Portugal: 12 Years After Decriminalizing Drugs
Pope Francis urged Catholic priests to devote themselves to helping the poor and suffering instead of worrying about their careers as Church 'managers'
Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Confiscations
Samoa Air becomes the first airline to introduce "pay as you weigh" aifares meaninig overweight passengers pay more
North Korea via Instagram
Canadian father 'appalled' that mother who drowned two young boys and left their dead bodies for her husband to find next to her wedding ring will be released after serving only 10 months.
U.N. calls for closure of Guantanamo prison: "We must be clear about this: the United States is in clear breach not just of its own commitments but also of international laws and standards that it is obliged to uphold"
Ex-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has died following a stroke
Ontario is putting an end to coal-burning power plants: '...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coal-fired electrical generation.'
NASA-backed fusion engine could cut Mars trip down to 30 days
Bitcoin value plummets, losing as much as 41% of its value in a single day
France passes gay marriage bill. The legislation not only legalizes same-sex marriage but allows same-sex couples to adopt children.
Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince AlWaleed bin Talal, a nephew of King Abdullah, has thrown his support behind allowing Saudi women to drive, saying it makes economic sense
8.0 Earthquake strikes Iran
New Zealand Marriage Equality Bill passes in to law
Afghan women commit suicide to escape marriage: "The suicide rate is rising particularly in towns because women are fighting against forced marriages there."
Letter bomb sent to German president
North Korea Asks Mongolia for Food Aid.
Muslim community tipped off Canada about terror plot
Canadian Muslim groups take hard stance against terror plotters; "You have nothing to do with our faith"
Iran Police Dressed a Suspect in Womens Clothing and Parade Him in Public to humiliate him, Iranian men started protesting by posting photos of themselves in woman's clothing.
A Norwegian resistance fighter who led a daring raid to sabotage Nazi Germany's atomic bomb program during World War II has been honoured at a London ceremony.
Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother: Judge describes 'wicked and selfish' motive of using daughter to provide parent with a fourth child
China is plundering the planet's seas -- and it's doing it 12.5 times more than it's telling anybody
Last rhinos in Mozambique killed by poachers
The world's most widely used insecticide is devastating dragonflies, snails and other water-based species, a groundbreaking Dutch study has revealed.
Tribes vow to fight-to-the-death to save Amazon rainforest
Canadian teacher's career ruined by cyber-stalker ex-girlfriend even after she was placed in jail and ordered to pay him damages. Not many schools want to hire a teacher who is accused of being a pedophile.
North Korea withdraws missiles
Internet Traffic from Syria Just Disappeared
North Korea asks China to hire idled workers from closed Kaesong industrial complex, China declines
Pirate Bay takes over distribution of censored 3D Printable Gun
Poacher Trampled to Death by the Elephant He was Trying to Shoot
Astronauts Chris Hadfield, Tom Marshburn, and Roman Romanenko have just touched down in Kazakhstan after 146 days in the International Space Station during Expedition 35.
Theres a country that will pay $300,000 per rhino horn to cure cancer and hangovers, and its wiping out rhinos
Pope Francis has denounced the global financial system, blasting the "cult of money" that he says is tyrannizing the poor and turning humans into expendable consumer goods: "Money has to serve, not to rule!"
Christianity could be facing a catastrophic collapse in Britain according to official figures suggesting it is declining 50 percent faster than previously thought.
Police raid school teacher for uploading $4.00 history book to his website that offers free educational resources for students
India Bans Captive Dolphin Shows as Morally Unacceptable - Says they're highly intelligent &amp; should be seen as non-human persons with their own specific rights.
North Korea's hidden labor camps exposed: A new UN panel is vowing to hold North Korea's Kim regime to 'full accountability' for decades of mass crime and murder. Will Pyongyang face ICC indictment?
Pope Francis says atheists can be good "Atheists should be seen as good people if they do good, Pope Francis has said in his latest urging that people of all religions, and none, work together."
German brewers concerned fracking could contaminate water supplies, violate beer purity law of 1516
China is starting to get embarrassed about its tourists obnoxious behavior abroad - Take for example the sign outside the Louvre Museum only in Chinese characters that forbids people from urinating or defecating wherever they want.
New poll says Assange could win Australian Senate seat
Irish priest: Delay communions until adulthood -- "It should be when people have choice, when they have proper formation [of faith]. What Im saying isnt off the wall, its realistic."
Kim Dotcom Wins Case to Get Seized Material Back...
Human rights activist Ethem Sarslk was shot in the head and killed by the police during the protests in the capital Ankara. Confirmed by multiple witnesses, footage available. Turkish media ignoring the story.
Turkish protesters raise $55,000 for full-page ad in New York Times | World news
Turkish police started arresting people for tweeting and facebooking about the protests (local news from CNN Turk needs translation)
Mr Erdogan has intimidated the media into self-censorship: as the protesters choked on tear gas, the television networks carried programmes about cooking and penguins. More journalists are in jail in Turkey than in China.
EFF has so much evidence of the NSA surveillance now that they've created a timeline
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
NSA surveillance: The US is behaving like China "Both governments think they are doing what is best for the state and people. But, as I know, such abuse of power can ruin lives" By Ai Weiwei
In Unanimous Vote, Russia Passes Bill Making It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist
Defend Edward Snowden! Snowden is not the one betraying the democratic principles embodied in the Bill of Rights. By exposing the conspiracy against these rights and coming forward at the cost of his career and possibly his life, he is defending them.
Almost unnoticed, the UN is about to fight its first war. 3,000 Soldiers from South Africa, Tanzania and Malawi wearing UN insignia will take on the irregulars who sow mayhem in Congos east.
Julian Assange was willing to go to Sweden to answer allegations. All he wanted was a guarantee he wouldn't be handed over to the United States. Sweden refused.
Protesters in Brasil: World Cup website hacked to show the world what's happening in Brazil right now.
An open letter from the Turkish TV Network , to be closed down tomorrow because it broadcasted Protest coverage
Canada bill that bans wearing masks during an unlawful assembly or riot carries a maximum 10-year prison sentence, scheduled to become law today
More than 300 thousand people protesting in Rio right now!
Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to seven years in jail
Leaked e-mails reveal that Standard and Poors and Moodys accepted money for higher ratings before the financial crisis.
Why U.S. Is Being Humiliated By The Hunt For Snowden: "Extra-judicial assassination, drones, killer robots, extraordinary rendition, black ops, wet ops, psy-ops, silly ops... The world is a bit tired of all this American posturing, grandstanding, and self-serving banditry."
Ecuador president blasts coverage of Snowden case: "They've managed to focus attention on Snowden and on the 'wicked' countries that 'support' him, making us forget the terrible things against the U.S. people and the whole world that he denounced."
Vatican rent-a-boy prostituion ring revealed by priest
Germany ready to charge UK and US intelligence over alleged bugging operations - Europe - World
Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow
Bolivia furious its president's plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Austria because of rumour US fugitive Edward Snowden was on board.
Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan were told by their superiors to ignore incidents where Afghan soldiers and interpreters sexually assaulted young boys.
Mexico: Teenager stabbed to death for recording vote-buying with his cellphone. He was attacked by PRI militants, the current party in power.
Hero Fukushima ex-manager who foiled nuclear disaster dies of cancer: It was Yoshidas own decision to disobey HQ orders to stop using seawater to cool the reactors. Instead he continued to do so and saved the active zones from overheating and exploding
The Pirate Bay founder is raising money for spy-proof messaging app
Russia Says It Will Arrest Openly Gay Tourists
Canadians win $250,000 dollar prize for first human powered helicopter. The prize has been unclaimed for 33 years.
Reykjavk to end sister cities relationship with Moscow because of gay rights violations in Russia
Media Continues to Focus on Snowden Rather Than the Information He's Revealed
Norwegian rape victim sentenced to 1 year and 4 months of prison in Dubai for sex outside of marriage.
Pres. Jimmy Carter defends Snowden, also says: "America has no functioning democracy." Could only find this on German news sites, not American
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama, and faces extradition to Italy where he has already been sentenced to 9 years in prison for his involvement in the extraordinary rendition of a terror suspect.
Iraqi Man moves to Australia, uses the welfare system as income. Becomes successful, writes a check to the Australian Government for every cent he was given. [X-Post from r/News]
New Zealand Government About To Legalize Spying On NZ Citizens
Technologically illiterate MP who masterminded UK porn blocker get hacked, threatens reporter for writing about it
Pope Francis scolds rich in visit to muddy Brazilian slum: "Everybody, according to his or her particular opportunities and responsibilities, should be able to make a personal contribution to putting an end to so many social injustices"
The pornography filtering system praised by David Cameron is controlled by the controversial Chinese company Huawei, the BBC has learned.
Saudi prince defects from Royal family  This regime in Saudi Arabia does not stand by Gods rules or even established rules and its policies, decisions, and actions are totally based on personal will of its leaders.
Nepal sees tiger population go up by 63% since 2009
Snowden's father says FBI asked him to fly to Moscow to persuade son to return home to US
Edward Snowden has been granted documents that will allow him to leave the Moscow airport where he has been since 23 June
Germany nixes surveillance pact with US, Britain "Germany canceled a Cold War-era surveillance pact with the United States and Britain on Friday in response to revelations by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden about those countries' alleged electronic eavesdropping operations."
Feds are Suspects in New Malware That Attacks Tor Anonymity
German minister proposes banning US companies that participate in US spying activities from doing business in the EU
Stephen Fry writes an open letter to Cameron about the Olympics and the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia
Russia says Obama hurting himself by canceling summit over Snowden
Man who created own credit card sues bank for not sticking to terms
Greek youth unemployment hits record 65%
Q&amp;A: Edward Snowden Speaks to NY Times. "After 9/11 many of the most important news outlets...abdicated their role as a check to power."
Every Important Person In Bitcoin Just Got Subpoenaed By New York's Financial Regulator
The Brazilians were right: After protests against rising the prices of public transportation, was discovered that in Sao Paulo, Siemens and the government were stealing $200 million in a scheme. Now they're occupying the city council, for the imprisonment of those involved and a refund.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury: Christians in Britain and the US who claim that they are persecuted should "grow up" and not exaggerate what amounts to feeling "mildly uncomfortable"
Glenn Greenwald's partner detained at Heathrow airport for nine hours, under controversial Terrorism Act 2000. He was denied access to a lawyer, and had his possessions confiscated.
Guardian Editor: U.K. 'Security Experts' Entered Offices And Destroyed Hard Drives - "You've had your debate. There's no need to write any more."
British PM David Cameron told a member of his cabinet to warn the Guardian newspaper of serious consequences of publishing Snowden material
An Indian spiritual leader who sparked controversy when he said a gangrape victim could have saved herself by addressing her violators as brothers and asking for mercy, has been charged with raping a minor
Orders To Destroy Guardian Hard Drives Came Directly From PM David Cameron
Exclusive: CIA Files Prove America Helped Saddam as He Gassed Iran
Hans Blix: Whether Obama in Syria or Bush in Iraq, The US Is Not the World Police
A campaign has been launched to encourage the World Meteorological Organisation to begin naming hurricanes and other destructive storms after climate change deniers.
Saudi Arabia's cabinet has passed a ban on domestic violence and other forms of abuse against women for the first time in the Kingdom's history. The cabinet approved a ban on physical or sexual violence earlier this week, which applies both at home or within the work place.
David Cameron loses Syria vote in Commons
Romanian government changes environment law to allow Canadian mining company to start building the biggest cyanide gold mine in Europe wiping out from the face of the earth 4 mountains, ancient roman galleries and forcing people to move from their home. Protests start all over the country.
All major commercial TV networks in Australia refusing to air ad critical of Murdoch's biased coverage of the election.
36 hours before the Australian election and in the middle of an advertising blackout, the party in the lead declares they will filter the internet by default.
New documentary shows how televangelist Pat Robertson defrauded millions in aid donations to fund a diamond mining venture in the Congo
Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With: "Our biggest challenge is that our oil wealth is so huge we run the risk of wasting it on substandard projects that are not profitable enough."
Syria accepts Russian chemical weapons proposal
Woah - enough water found underground in Kenya to supply whole country for 70 years. Big implications for East Africa
Vladamir Putin's Op-Ed in the New York Times on America and Syria
Malawi will use $15m from the sale of the country's presidential jet to feed the poor and grow crops to fight malnutrition
Turkey shot down Syrian helicopter at border
Professor Stephen Hawking backs assisted suicide
Child beauty contests have been banned in France to stop "hyper-sexualisation" of young girls. Two years in prison for anyone who tries to organise a pageant.
Pope Francis says Catholic Church too obsessed with abortion, gay marriage and contraception.
Mother given jail sentence for sending her son, named Jihad, to school wearing a T shirt with the words 'I am a bomb' and 'Born on 9/11' on it. She said it was a "joke".
618 Rhinos killed already in South Africa this year. In 2007 only 13 were poached.
You CANNOT masturbate publicly in Sweden. The earlier reports were just a mistake in translation.
Eddie Izzard declares he will stand for London mayor in 2020
Iran's new president: Yes, the Holocaust happened. Whatever criminality they committed against the Jews we condemn. The taking of human life is contemptible. It makes no difference whether that life is a Jewish life, Christian or Muslim.
The Curiosity Rover just found water on Mars
John McAfee reveals details on gadget to thwart NSA. And if the U.S. government bans its sale, "I'll sell it in England, Japan, the Third World. This is coming and cannot be stopped."
Ex-Microsoft privacy chief: I don't trust Microsoft after NSA revelations, says he was unaware of Prism data-sharing program when he worked there
South Korean carmaker Hyundai Motor will defer payments due from US federal employees impacted by the partial government shutdown.
New evidence reveals FBI demands companies secretly turn over crypto keys, allowing them to simultaneously wiretap all customers worldwide, and threatens to jail them if they violate the gag order
Russia stops all adoptions to Sweden due to risk of children getting gay parents.
Police in Turkey now allowed to detain "potential protesters" without a court order, based merely on their looks, in what an opposition member calls "beyond fascism"
Higgs boson scientists win Nobel prize
Who Wants to Be a Russian Billionaire? 35% of Russias entire wealth now in the hands of just 110 people.
Azerbaijan accidentally released election results before voting had even started. It showed President Ilham Aliyev winning 73% to the opposition's 7%.
Snowden given award by former CIA agents for taking a stand against abuse of information gathering
"Not a single byte should leave Germany" - Communication giants puts forward plan to combat NSA spies with German-only network hubs
Somali Pirate Warlord lured to Brussels Airport, Belgium, under pretext he was signing a movie deal about his life. He came. Got arrested. (English, translations available)
France finds Church of Scientology guilty of "organized fraud" despite "religious freedom" claims
German filmmaker imprisoned for exposing dire Qatar World Cup worker conditions
Snowden: US would have buried NSA warnings forever. Whistleblower says he shared information with media because he could not trust internal reporting mechanisms
70 million phone calls in France recorded in one month by NSA, new report claims. French government demands immediate explanation to "shocking" revelations
China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people. The smog is so bad, 'You cant see your own fingers in front of you.' (Photo Gallery)
First 3D printers arrive to Haiti, quickly put to use making umbilical cord clamps and other hard-to-obtain medical gear
Angela Merkel called Barack Obama today to complain against NSA attempts to eavesdrop on her personal phone. Internal investigations done by german intelligence agencies clearly hinted at US attempts to break into her phone. [Source in German]
NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders after US official handed over contacts
Reduce working week to 30 hours, say economists
Man buys $27 of bitcoin, forgets about them, finds they're now worth $886k. Bought in 2009, currency's rise in value saw small investment turn into enough to buy an apartment in a wealthy area of Oslo.
London's cheapest suburb is Barcelona. City worker causes a stir by proving it's cheaper to live in Spain and fly in to work in London every morning.
NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide, Snowden documents say "The NSA has secretly broken into the main communications links that connect Yahoo and Google data centers around the world, according to documents obtained from former NSA contractor Snowden.."
Edward Snowden's letter to Germany revealed.He is ready to go to Germany and testify over the US wiretapping of Angela Merkels phone on condition of granting him political asylum
1.8 tonnes of ivory found in Chinese home in Tanzania. Authorities found at least 1800kg ivory at a home of Chinese nationals in Dar es Salam Mikocheni area. The haul is still being counted and could increase. So far 706 pieces of ivory have been counted representing over 200 elephant deaths.
China discovers that pollution makes it really hard to spy on people - 20 million surveillance cameras are now useless
The Indian Mars Mission cost $73 million which is less than the production budget for the movie Gravity ($105 million)
Exclusive: Swiss study says Polonium found in Arafat's bones. Scientists find at least 18 times the normal levels of radioactive element in late Palestinian leader's remains
$62k USD reward offered for WikiLeaks to obtain and publish secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Argeement 12 nation internet-trade deal
Hundreds turn out for funeral of WWII veteran held on Remembrance Day following successful online campaign as the man had no family.
An eight-year-old girl in China is the youngest living person to be diagnosed with lung cancer attributed to pollution.
WikiLeaks releases the secret negotiated draft text for the entire TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter.
Indian train strikes herd of 40 elephants crossing tracks - 7, including 2 calves, killed, 10 others seriously injured &amp; death toll expected to rise in worst such crash in recent memory. Railways have ignored requests to reduce train speeds inside the famed elephant corridor.
'What's it like working with Mexican drug cartels?' Banking giant JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&amp;A after thousands of abusive tweets
Rape porn possession to be punished by three years in jail, David Cameron to announce
Amsterdam pays alcoholics in beer to clean streets. The imaginative approach to the problem of anti-social behaviour demonstrates typical Dutch pragmatism which could be found shocking in other countries, but not here.
LG Smart TVs logging USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers
Wikipedia names Texas PR firm over false manipulation of site entries. Free encyclopaedia called in lawyers after 300 'sock puppet' accounts were traced to single firm.
Richard Branson says Virgin Galactic will accept Bitcoin
'Every time you buy fish in the UK, you pay a fee to support an organisation which opposes campaigns to protect fish stocks and marine ecosystems'
UK Prime Minister David Cameron Announces That Filters Used to Block Porn Will Also Block Websites Espousing "Extremist" Views in Order "to Keep Our Country Safe"
US flies B52 aircraft over disputed islands in East China Sea in defiance of Chinese air defence rules.
Swedish prisoner escapes.. to go to the dentist. Returns to prison afterwards.
The War on Democracy: How corporations and spy agencies use "security" to defend profiteering and crush activism
Police kill someone in Iceland.. for the first time ever.
Bangladeshi garment workers, lowest paid in the world at $0.21/hour, torch 10-story factory at Gazipur + 15 full garment trucks. No human casualties, $100 million losses to the owners.
NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show
Nelson Mandela has passed away.
104 Chinese cities are now reporting air pollution levels above 300 mcg per cubic meter, twelve times the recommended limit. Over 70 percent of China's rivers and lakes are now too toxic for animals to drink from. This past week, visibility in some parts of China was reduced to less than 5 meters.
Bill Clinton says security does not justify espionage
Confirmed outbreak of Bubonic Plague in Madagascar, at least 20 dead so far.
New Zealand citizen stripped of phone, tablet, laptop and hard drive at New Zealand customs after returning from a talk in London about Edward Snowden's released documents.
Air strike kills 15 civilians in Yemen by mistake: Fifteen people on their way to a wedding in Yemen were killed in an air strike after their party was mistaken for an al Qaeda convoy
UK's Largest ISP now blocks porn for all new connections by default
UN declares that the right to privacy, including online privacy, is a human right
Bitcoin loses almost 50% of its value overnight as China's largest exchange blocks new deposits
NSA Fallout hits American business to the tune of four billion dollars: Brazil ditches Boeing, buys Gripen
The Supreme Court of Canada has struck down the country's anti-prostitution laws in a unanimous decision.
North and South Korea exchange faxes threatening to attack each other
Uruguays neighbor Argentina now considering marijuana legalization
Internet privacy as important as human rights, says UN's Navi Pillay | Navi Pillay compares uproar over mass surveillance to response that helped defeat apartheid during Today programme
Edward Snowden did the world a favour by revealing the scale of surveillance by governments, according to the inventor of the internet. Sir Tim Berners-Lee said he believed Snowden had "done us all a favour".
Tony Blair and George Bush exchanged voluminous correspondence prior to the start of military operations in Iraq. Now, the UK is moving to declassify details of the talks for an inquiry into Britains involvement in the conflict, British media reported.
The Japanese Mob Is Hiring Homeless People to Clean Up Fukushima
Japan's population falls 'by record 244,000' in 2013
Update: U.S. Customs Won't Apologize for Destroying Musician's Rare Flutes
Sea Shepherd locates Japanese whale poachers inside New Zealand's sovereign waters with 3 protected Minke whales dead on their deck.
Swedish justice minister falls for Daily Currant spoof story on marijuana deaths, calling incident "stupid and sad".
'Golden age' of antibiotics 'set to end': We cannot say we weren't warned. The growing threat of antibiotic resistant organisms is once again in the spotlight. Prof Jeremy Farrar, the new head of Britain's biggest medical research charity The Wellcome Trust said it was a 'truly global issue'".
All armed police officers in England will have to wear cameras on duty
The people behind the GSM standard: We were pressured to weaken the mobile security in the 80's
A broad coalition of well-known organizations (Reddit, the Electronic Freedom Foundation, Free Press, Mozilla and others) announced today that it will stage an online protest against wide-ranging government surveillance of Internet users on 11 February, in memory of activist Aaron Swartz.
Mozilla Calls On World To Protect Firefox Browser From the NSA
WikiLeaks releases long sought Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Environment draft
Pope Francis sacks all but one of the cardinals who run the Vatican bank, less than a year after Pope Benedict XVI appointed them
UN: Online Privacy Now Considered a Human Right
Ukraine's Capital is literally revolting (Livestream)
Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance. a text message that thousands of Ukrainian protesters spontaneously received on their cell phones today, as a new law prohibiting public demonstrations went into effect.
Netflix warns it will provoke customer protest if ISPs violate net neutrality principles
Snowden: "I think a person should be able to dial a number, make a purchase, send an SMS, write an e-mail, or visit a Web site without having to think about what it's going to look like on their permanent record."
HSBC is paying $2 billion, or 5 weeks' worth of its profit, to avoid criminal charges in drug cartel laundering case
Mexico Just Legalized Vigilantism And Then Captured A Huge Cartel Leader
"You're sending the wrong signal to billions of people living in undemocratic states"- Angela Merkel attacks US and UK spying tactics.
'Angry Birds' website hacked following NSA spying allegations, displaying a message saying Spying Birds with one of their iconic Angry Birds bearing an NSA logo on its forehead
Footage released of Guardian editors destroying Snowden hard drives: GCHQ technicians watched as journalists took angle grinders and drills to computers after weeks of tense negotiations
Saudi Arabia put into effect a sweeping new counterterrorism law Sunday that human rights activists say allows the kingdom to prosecute as a terrorist anyone who demands reform, exposes corruption or otherwise engages in dissent.
Guardian reveals threats of imprisonment and closure over Snowden leaks: "The British government threatened to jail Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger and close the newspaper last July, over the newspapers reporting of the Edward Snowden revelations"
The Catholic Church must remove all child sexual abusers from their posts and turn them over to the police, the UN says.
The system that provides half the drinking water to South Americas largest city, Sao Paulo, will run dry in 45 days if theres no rain, amid the biggest drought on record.
Women in Tokyo are threatening a sex boycott against any man who votes for the front-runner in this weekend's gubernatorial election, in protest at his claim that menstruation makes women unfit for government.
Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill: The NSA's Secret Role in the U.S. Assassination Program. "At least 273 civilians in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia have been killed"
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally gives live demonstration to pupils - 22 dead
Australian Politician Clive Palmer's nickel refinery pumped toxic waste into Great Barrier Reef park - Company discharged toxic wastewater into world heritage area despite being forbidden from doing so
London City Banker tried to put neighbour in mental hospital over 12 inches of land.
The UK Government U-Turns on Election Promise; dropping plans to give voters the ability to dismiss Members of Parliament for serious wrongdoing.
Glenn Greenwald: Top-secret documents from the National Security Agency and its British counterpart reveal for the first time how the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom targeted WikiLeaks and other activist groups with tactics ranging from covert surveillance to prosecution.
Left-wing Mexican senators on Tuesday presented an initiative to Legalize Medical Marijuana, saying a new approach was needed to speed up drug liberalization and help end a cycle of cartel violence that has killed tens of thousands
Ukraine: Video of police shooting AK-47 and sniper rifles at people
Ukrainian Skier Pulls Out of Olympics To Join Protestors In Kiev
The Egyptian government has resigned.
Russia Says It Will Keep Out of Ukrainian Affairs
New Snowden Doc Reveals How GCHQ/NSA Use The Internet To 'Manipulate, Deceive And Destroy Reputations' of activists.
UK spy agency intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users
Scotland to offer gay Ugandans asylum
At least 10,000 people bearing Russian flags marched freely through Moscow on Sunday in a pro-invasion rally, while dozens of people demonstrating on Red Square against an invasion of Ukraine were quickly detained by Russian riot police.
David Cameron's aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography
Venezuela: In 17 days of protest: 18 dead, 261 wounded, 1044 arrests and 888 precautionary measures
Russia Today Anchor Resigns Live On Air: I cannot be part of a network funded by the Russian government which whitewashes the actions of Putin.
Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country
Russian troops fire at Ukraine military post
Swedish reporter shot dead in Afghanistan
220,000 troops, 1,800 tanks, 400 helicopters on Ukraine border as Russia launches exercise of 4000 elite paratroopers and 36 planes.
Australia: Coalition Lies to UN in Order to Strip Tasmanian Forest of Heritage Listing so it Can be Developed - Photos show 90% of the 74,000 hectares the govt claims is degraded are ecologically pristine forests
A draft European law requiring all phones sold in the EU to be compatible with a common charger was approved by the European Parliament yesterday.
A 100-year-old Saudi beggar died leaving a million-dollar fortune behind, secretly amassing a fortune and real estate portfolio over 50 years of begging on the streets of Jeddah that rivaled those of the citys millionaires.
Putin announces that Russia will annex Crimea into the Russian Federation
More Than 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities | The International Trade Union Confederation says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kick-off
Guy buys golden egg for $13,000. Turns out to be a Faberge egg worth $33.3 million.
Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde Gets Ready to Run for European Parliament
Egypt court sentences 529 to death
Solar Power Is Now Just As Cheap As Conventional Electricity In Italy And Germany
Brazil passes Internet governance Bill: Brazil has made history with the approval of a post-Snowden Bill which sets out principles, rights and guarantees for Internet users.
Turkey bans YouTube
UN Slams US for torture, NSA spying
The UN's International Court of Justice has ruled that Japan's Antarctic whaling programme is not for scientific purposes
Opposition ballots found in trash bags in southern Turkey
An 8.0 magnitude earthquake has struck offshore Northern Chile - Live coverage inside.
European Parliament passes strong net neutrality law, along with major roaming reforms
NASA detects ocean inside Saturn Moon, potential home for extraterrestrial microbes
India losing 70% voice and call centre business to Philippines
Swedes to give six-hour workday a go: Municipal staff in Gothenburg will act as guinea pigs in a proposed push for six-hour workdays with full pay, with hopes that it will cut down on sick leave, boost efficiency, and ultimately save Sweden money.
Shark fin trade from Hong Kong to China drops almost 90 per cent in one year
Australia rules homeopathic remedies useless
China Finds Nearly 2,000 Firms in Breach of Anti-pollution Rules - Ministry trying to improve enforcement by using real-time monitoring that'll give govt regulators direct access to data. To invest 40 billion yuan ($6.45 billion) to boost monitoring capacity.
Looks Like Rome is Even More Ancient than Thought - As Italian capital approaches 2,767th birthday, excavation reveals wall built long before official founding year of 753BC. It seems to have channeled water. Around it, are pieces of ceramic pottery &amp; remains of food.
Billionaire Takes Up Fight Against African Poachers  Pledges to provide a helicopter &amp; a multi-million dollar investment to protect South Africas rhinos.
South Korea ferry carrying 350 sinking.
Putin admits Russian forces were deployed to Crimea.
Twitter bans two whistleblower accounts exposing government corruption after complaints from the Turkish government
China: Violent Government Thugs Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality
British people by 2:1 ratio say it was good for society, not bad, that newspapers reported the materials given to them by Edward Snowden
FCC Abandons Net Neutrality
China to jail eaters of rare wild animals
More than Two-Thirds of Afghanistan Reconstruction Money has Gone to One Company: DynCorp International
Snowden to reveal secrets of Arab dictators
Afghan couple hack off nose, ears of cleric who sexually assaulted their daughter
France agrees workers can give days off to colleagues with sick children: France has passed a law allowing workers to give some of their days off to a colleague with a seriously ill child. The idea came from the case of a man whose colleagues donated 170 days while his son was battling cancer.
Billionaire dies and leaves $3.3 billion to charity
Tokyo hit by 6.2 magnitude earthquake (May 5th, 2014, 5:16 am)
Putin outlaws denial of Nazi crimes -Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law on Monday making the denial of Nazi crimes and distortion of the Soviet Union's role in the World War Two a criminal offence punishable by up to five years in jail.
End The War On Drugs, Say Nobel Prize-Winning Economists
Fast-food workers announce global protest, walkouts set for 33 countries
Rio 2016 so far behind schedule the IOC considering using London 2012 sites instead.
Govt to axe Australian Renewable Energy Agency
Found after 500 years, the wreck of Christopher Columbuss flagship the Santa Maria
British Government to release 1.2 million illegally held documents to the public - some over 200 years old
Alberta government is planning to sell off crucial caribou habitat to the energy industry just days after a federal scientific panel said the herds were in immediate danger of vanishing completely
FIFA head calls Qatar 2020 World Cup a "mistake"
Tens of thousands gather in Australian capital cities to protest the Abbott government's cuts against health, welfare and education, the Murdoch press runs with "The Ferals Are Revolting".
Thailand's army has declared martial law.
France Mistakenly Orders 2,000 Trains Which Are Too Wide For Its Platforms
All three matadors gored in opening of San Isidro festival. Event cancelled.
WikiLeaks reveals that NSA spies on almost all of Afghanistan's communications
The Soma coal mine, where 301 workers lost their lives, received a perfect score in March by an official inspector, who is the brother-in-law of a senior executive of the company
Judge questions why only the boy is charged in underage sex case
Top scientists warn World Health Organization not to classify e-cigarettes as tobacco products, arguing that doing so would jeopardize a major opportunity to slash disease and deaths caused by smoking.
India arrests police officers over gang rape
Google is building 180 satellites to spread internet access worldwide
Satirist Bassem Youssef (the "Jon Stewart" of Egypt) ends TV show: "The present climate in Egypt is not suitable for a political satire program...Im tired of struggling and fearing for my personal and my familys safety and that of the people around me."
Relatives of Chinese citizens gunned down during the 1989 Tiananmen massacre have defied unprecedented Communist Party attempts to silence them to demand the truth about their loved-ones deaths ahead of todays 25th anniversary of the crackdown.
The Worlds first waste-to-biofuels facility has opened in Edmonton Canada. The facility converts household garbage into biofuels. By 2016, it is expected that 90 per cent of the city's waste will be diverted out of the landfill because of this facility.
Quebec passes 'dying with dignity' bill, allows terminally ill patients be given the choice to end their lives.
Kim Dotcom offers $5m bounty in online piracy case - Megaupload founder in bid to prove US authorities aided by New Zealand illegally targeted him at behest of Hollywood studios
Baby rhino Gertjie refuses to sleep alone after witnessing his mother's death at the hands of poachers - The baby rhino was found 'crying inconsolably' next to his dead mother in South Africa
Canadian "Cyberbullying" law would let government "remotely hack into computers, mobile devices, or cars"
Australian government grabs $360 million from idle household bank accounts that have been dormant for just three years, prompting outrage in some quarters amid complaints that pensioners and retirees have lost deposits.
WildLeaks attracts major wildlife crime leads in first three months | A new WikiLeaks-style website targeting the kingpins of wildlife crime has attracted serious leads on elephant, tiger, fishery and forest destruction across the globe.
Michael Schumacher out of Coma
Tiny island nation that controls vast area of Pacific Ocean bans all commercial fishing in one of world's largest marine parks - "If you think of the ocean as a bank account in which everybody withdraws but nobody makes a deposit, then protected marine reserves are like savings with interest."
Secular triumph as British government bans creationism from free schools and academies
Fiji accuses global community of abandoning the Pacific on climate change, singles out 'selfish' Australia - accused the global community of abandoning Pacific island nations to "sink below the waves" instead of tackling climate change.
Indian Govt. planning to make 50 essential medicines free of cost for every citizen from birth to death.
Al-Jazeera journalists sentenced to seven years in prison in Egypt
Neurotoxic pesticides blamed for the world's bee collapse are also harming butterflies, worms, fish and birds, and the evidence was "sufficient to trigger regulatory action".
Pesticides linked to bee deaths must be banned, scientists say
U.S. Scientist Offers $10,000 to Anyone Who Can Disprove Manmade Climate Change.
German government cancels Verizon contract in wake of U.S. spying row
Blackwaters top manager issued a threat: that he could kill the governments chief investigator and no one could or would do anything about it as we were in Iraq, according to U.S. State Department reports
Ukraine president ends ceasefire - 'We will attack'
Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study
In 2012, New Zealand police seized computer drives belonging to Kim Dotcom, copies of which were unlawfully given to the FBI. A judge has now ruled that even if the Megaupload founder supplies the passwords, they cannot subsequently be forwarded to the FBI.
BBC staff ordered to stop giving equal air time to climate deniers: The network will stop airing "debates" featuring members of the anti-science fringe
Elephant Cries After He Is Rescued Following 50 Years Of Abuse
Germany destroy Brazil 7-1 as Miroslav Klose becomes the record scorer by netting his 16th finals goal in World Cup History.
Chinese hackers hacked into the computer networks of the United States government agency that houses the personal information of all federal employees in March
Putin writes off 90 percent of Cuba's debts to USSR | 90 percent of the debt of the Republic of Cuba to the Soviet Union will be written off.
Executive pay '180 times average', report finds: Executive pay has grown from 60 times that of the average worker to almost 180 times since the 1990s, according to a report.
Documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal GCHQ programs to track targets, spread information and manipulate online debates
NASA: Humans Will Prove We Are Not Alone In The Universe Within 20 Years
German footballer Mesut Ozil donated his 300,000 World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgery of 23 children in Brazil
The World Health Organization calls for the decriminalization of drug use
Netherlands opens war crimes investigation into MH17 airliner downing
Delta cancels all flights to Israel indefinitely
North Korea requests that the Chinese Government take down doctored video of Kim Jong Un "Dancing", China unable to oblige
The Obama administration has quietly approved a substantial expansion of the terrorist watchlist system, authorizing a secret process that requires neither concrete facts nor irrefutable evidence to designate an American or foreigner as a terrorist
A U.S. cyclist who pedaled across 50-plus countries for peace and charity was run over and killed in Russia by a drunken truck driver
Qatar World Cup: migrants wait a year to be paid for building offices. Migrant workers who built luxury offices used by Qatar's 2022 football World Cup organisers have told the Guardian they have not been paid for more than a year and are now working illegally from cockroach-infested lodgings.
Japanese steel workers reveal that they saved their city from a nuclear bombing by burning coal tar to block view of US planes; story was kept secret for 69 years out of respect for Nagasaki victims, who were bombed instead
Malaria vaccine discovered
Sierra Leone declares emergency as Ebola death toll hits 729
The Swedish government announced that it plans to remove all mentions of race from Swedish legislation, saying that race is a social construct which should not be encouraged in law.
NSA hands Gaza targeting data to Israel, say latest Snowden docs
Obama signs bill giving Israel $225 million for missile defense system
Indonesia, the largest Muslim country in the world, has banned the support and endorsement of ISIS
Campaign Mounts to Declassify 9/11 Reports References to Alleged Saudi Involvement
Obama authorizes targeted airstrikes in Iraq against Islamic militants, along with airdrops.
At least half of the 40,000 people besieged by jihadists on a mountaintop in northern Iraq have escaped in the past 24 hours, aided by Kurdish rebels who crossed from Syria to rescue them.
Norway joins the sanctions against Russia
South Koreas firstand onlyastronaut just quit her job, ending the countrys manned space program
A group of North Korean defectors held by China on the Laos border is released to South Korea rather than repatriated in sign of a Chinese policy change
It could be the most exotic material on the planet. Seven particles of dust brought back to Earth by a spacecraft nearly a decade ago appear to have come from beyond our solar system. The specks have all the hallmarks of being created in interstellar space.
Residents of Beijing can use one of the citys 34 newly installed recycling machines to trade empty bottles for phone card rebates or free public transit passes.
Two sisters who kidnapped 13 young children and forced them to work as pickpockets before murdering them are to become the first women to be executed in India.
US Journalist, James Foley, beheaded by ISIS "Warning to America".
ISIS Spokesman Who Promised To 'Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House' Is Killed
The president of Indonesia, the worlds most populous Muslim-majority country, deemed the actions of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria group embarrassing to the religion and called upon Muslim leaders to unite in tackling extremism
Australia: Conservationists making last ditch plea to fed. govt to help prevent endangered black cockatoos from becoming extinct due to the felling of their pine forest - Perth people love their birds &amp; this is an iconic species. We need the state &amp; federal govt to take urgent action over this.
A 22 yr old Australian Aboriginal woman who died in jail after twice seeking medical attention from authorities who deemed her healthy, was imprisoned over unpaid fines totalling just $1000
Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, to go ahead with $244 million program that introduces religious chaplains to state schools and keeps secular workers out.
NASA confirms that their rocket to Mars will have first launch in 2018
Ukraine to seek Nato membership
Captured IS Suicide Bomber in Peshmerga hands "When he is treated and well, he will go to prison and rot there for the rest of his life. He will be denied martyrdom. The Kurds want the foreign fighters to know that." - Sky News
Islamic State 'kills US hostage' Steven Sotloff
Russia warns NATO not to offer membership to Ukraine
After convincing China to give up shark fin soup, Yao Ming sets out to save Africa's elephants from the ivory trade
A Chinese boy has made the discovery of lifetime by stumbling across a 3,000-year-old bronze sword in a river in Jiangsu Province. Archaeologists have dated the 26cm (10in) weapon to either the Shang or Zhou dynasties - the dawn of Chinese civilisation - based on its material, size and shape.
New Report: World Leaders Call For Ending Criminalization of Drug Use and Possession and Responsible Legal Regulation of Psychoactive Substances
There are now over 4268 Ebola cases, with over 2288 dead
France ready to join USA in airstrikes against ISIS
Germany officially makes helping Islamic State (IS) a crime
Former Auschwitz guard, 93, charged with accessory to 300,000 murders in Germany
Al-Qaeda appeals to Islamic State to release British hostage Alan Henning: Al-Qaeda believes Henning is an innocent aid volunteer who was genuinely trying to help suffering Muslims, and kidnapping him was a step too far
Hepatitis C drug in India to cost 1% of the US price
Police foiled plan by IS supporters in Australia to "snatch a random member from the public, drape them in an IS flag, and behead them on camera"
Scotland votes to remain in the U.K.
Kids as young as 13 have left Germany to join ISIS
Liberia to become 1st nation in Africa to completely stop cutting down its trees in return for development aid - Norway will pay the impoverished country $150m to stop deforestation by 2020.
Native tribes from the U.S. and Canada signed a treaty Tuesday establishing an inter-tribal alliance to restore bison to areas of the Rocky Mountains and Great Plains where millions of the animals once roamed.
Terror laws clear Senate, enabling entire Australian web to be monitored and whistleblowers to be jailed
Anil Agarwal, the billionaire founder of Vedanta Resources, said he &amp; his family decided to donate 75% of their wealth to charity after meeting Bill Gates, the worlds richest person What we earn must be returned for the greater good of society. Life is not only about wealth. the billionaire said
Vatican Paedophilia Scandal: Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski Stored Over 100,000 Child Porn Videos
Iraq Kurds attack ISIS jihadists, retake villages
An estimated 35,000 pacific walrus have been spotted ashore on a beach in north-west Alaska. Unlike seals, the mammals cannot swim indefinitely and are now coming ashore in record numbers as they struggle to find sea ice for resting in the Artic.
Germany Just Abolished College Tuition Fees | ThinkProgress
Turkish President Erdogan: 'I am increasingly against the internet every day'
Mexico hit by student massacre: At least 17 anti-corruption protesters 'rounded up, murdered and dumped in a mass grave' - and another 26 are missing.
Scientists discover cancer-fighting berry on tree that only grows in Far North Queensland: "in 75 per cent of cases, the tumour disappeared and had not come back"
North Korea acknowledges reform camps for first time - AP
Estonia becomes first ex-Soviet country to legalize same-sex partnerships
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
Tony Abbott says "coal is good for humanity" while opening mine - "Coal is vital for the future energy needs of the world, so lets have no demonization of coal"
Doctors Without Borders loses 9 medics to Ebola
The UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan. The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".
Wind blows away fossil power in the Nordics, the Baltics next. The arrival of wind power on a large scale has pushed electricity prices down, eroding profitability of fossil power stations.
Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month.
WHO Declares Nigeria Ebola-Free After 42 Days With No Cases
Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
'We are a proud democracy, a welcoming and peaceful nation, and a country of open arms and open hearts. We are a nation of fairness, justice and the rule of law. We will not be intimidated into changing that'. - Justin Trudeau - Canadian MP
U.S. threatens sanctions on buyers of ISIS oil
Protest against the world's first internet tax in Hungary
Nobel Peace Prize Winners Want Barack Obama to Release Torture Report
For 23rd time, U.N. nations urge end to U.S. embargo on Cuba
Amelia Earhart Plane Fragment Identified
Hungary internet tax cancelled after mass protests
Chancellor Angela Merkel would rather see the UK exit from the European Union than compromise over the principle of free movement of workers
New Zealand MP demoted after suggesting homeopathy use in Ebola fight
Guam Legalizes Medical Marijuana! 66.42% of voters choose "Yes" to Proposal 14A.
Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny European duchy, leaked documents show. Companies saved billions of dollars in taxes.
32 Tanks Enter Ukraine From Russia
Pope Francis has excommunicated a pedophile Argentine priest, who admitted to sexually abusing four teenagers
Geologists who didn't predict an earthquake aren't killers, Italian court rules--seven scientists are free after appeals court overturns manslaughter conviction
Russian combat troops have entered Ukraine along with tanks, artillery and air defence systems, Nato commander says
European robot probe Philae has made the first, historic landing on a comet, after descending from its mothership
Sweden has proof foreign sub entered its waters: report
Maasai told to leave historic homeland by end of the year so it can become a hunting reserve for the Dubai royal family | World news
Comet Landing 2014: Rosetta Probe Philae Discovers Organic Molecules: Report
2 new subatomic particles discovered at CERN
Pakistani family sentenced to death over "honour killing" outside court: Four relatives of a pregnant woman who bludgeoned her to death outside one of Pakistan's top courts were sentenced to death on Wednesday for the crime, their defence lawyer said.
Mexico on the brink: thousands expected at mass protests over student massacre | Corruption and violence threaten to destabilise country after mass murder of students and scandal over presidential home
Tourist fined $30,000 for tagging Colosseum
Scientists urge governments to turn old TV frequencies into free super WiFi
"Pope Francis condemned priests and laity who turn their parishes into a 'business' by charging for things such as baptisms, blessings and Mass intentions -- calling it a scandal that's hard to forgive."
State of emergency in Ukraine as Russia cuts off coal
Kim Dotcom walks Free After three days of hearings in Auckland
A long list of sex acts just got banned in UK porn
British man found with nailbomb, weapons cache, and plans to mass murder immigrants, not charged with terrorism
NASA officially announces Manned Mars Mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter.
Orion deep space capsule launches.
Mass surveillance exposed by Snowden not justified by fight against terrorism - Report by Nils Muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the Council of Europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law
Hackers tell Sony to halt the release of "The Interview"
UK: Porn protest to shock with mass face-sitting and fake sex
'Each time police shut Pirate Bay, well multiply other servers' | No matter how many times law enforcement cracks down on The Pirate Bay, it will find a way to re-open, the Berlin chairman of the Pirate Party said
Canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest.
Lindt Chocolat Cafe hostage drama in Martin Place, Sydney
Pakistani Army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. Over 500 students held hostages
The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana
Iran this week unveiled a monument to Jewish soldiers killed in the Iran-Iraq War, which lasted from 1980 to 1988 and saw both countries suffer millions of casualties and billions of dollar in damage. Jewish community leaders and a number of Iranian religious officials took part in the ceremony.
Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true - British Police
Pirate Bay Domain Back Online, Waving a Pirate Flag
North Korea's internet is offline; massive DDOS attack presumed
Death toll among Qatars 2022 World Cup workers revealed | Nepalese migrants building the infrastructure to host the 2022 World Cup have died at a rate of one every two days in 2014  despite Qatars promises to improve their working conditions
Saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the Shoura Council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. The draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order.
Solar Power Storage Prices Drop 25% In Germany In &lt;1 Year
China businessman jailed for 13 years for buying and eating three tigers
AirAsia flight found at the bottom of the Java Sea
Most cases of cancer are the result of sheer bad luck rather than unhealthy lifestyles, diet or even inherited genes, new research suggests. Random mutations that occur in DNA when cells divide are responsible for two thirds of adult cancers across a wide range of tissues.
Moscow-&gt;Beijing high speed train will reduce trip time to 48 hours, from the current 7 days
US oil falls below $50 a barrel
'Shots fired' at French magazine HQ
New Charlie Hebdo issue to come out next week: "It's very hard. We are all suffering, with grief, with fear, but we will do it anyway because stupidity will not win."
Muslim politician from India who offered $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers has been booked for inciting violence.
World's largest indoor farm in Japan is 100 times more productive than outdoor fields, uses 99% less water, 40% less power and creates 80% less food waste
China has just banned the burqa in its biggest Muslim city
Cameroon Army Kills 143 Boko Haram Fighters
Saudi man sentenced 10 years jail and weekly public canings for 5 months. He is guilty of setting up a public online forum for debate and discussion.
Saudi Arabia publicly beheads a woman in Mecca
Good News. Tiger Numbers in India up From 1,400 to 2,226 in 7 Years
Ebola has killed off a third of the world's gorillas and chimpanzees
ISIS Suffers Heaviest Defeat in Iraq in a Single Day
Kurds Not Invited to Anti-ISIS Conference in London, Despite Leading the War against the Terrorist Organization
WikiLeaks demands answers after Google hands staff emails to US government
Greece's new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is Valve's former Steam Market economist
Key Hepatitis C Patent Rejected In India, Clearing Way For Generic Treatment Costing A Thousand Times Less Than US Price
Boko Haram appears to have surrounded city of 2 million, threatening a 'big grave'
A rare megamouth shark just washed up in the Philippines. zoologist estimated its only the 60th confirmed human encounter with one.
Westminster child abuse scandal: KGB and CIA kept secret dossiers on Britain's VIP paedophiles; Both Russian and US intelligence knew about a group of powerful paedophiles operating in Britain and the KGB hoped to blackmail them in exchange for information
NASA is planning a mission to Europa, one of the best candidates for alien life
Draft of Arrest Warrant for Argentine President Found at Dead Prosecutors Home
Jordan carries out air strikes in Iraq, killing 55 IS militants
Supreme Court of Canada strikes down ban on doctor-assisted suicide
Huge Explosion at Chemical Plant in Ukraine
Mugabe falls: '27 bodyguards punished' after Zimbabwe president stumbles on carpet
Obama sends Congress draft war authorization that says Islamic State 'poses grave threat'
England bans smoking in cars containing children.
'Operation Death Eaters': Anonymous Wade Into Child Sex Abuse Scandal And Threaten To Expose High Profile Abusers
An Australian learner driver who stitched his own chainsaw wound and drank gin for the pain before driving to hospital has lost a Supreme Court appeal against a drink-driving charge.
Malawi bans child marriage, lifts minimum age to 18
Lenovo Caught Installing Adware On New Computers
Everest College, a U.S.-owned chain of 14 private career schools, shut down in Ontario, Canada by provincial government after allegations of falsified job placement and grade data
The family of the codebreaker Alan Turing will visit Downing Street on Monday to demand the government pardons 49,000 other men persecuted like him for their homosexuality.
The city of Edmonton is considering adding an eleven kilometer (seven mile) 'freezeway' that will allow residents to skate to work, with a pilot project planned for as early as next winter.
ISIS Burns 8000 Rare Books and Manuscripts in Mosul
The HSBC bank is accused of systematic involvement in tax evasion and money laundering to the tune of more than 100 billion euros.
France wants imams to learn secular values as part of new anti-radicalisation push: the French government will push imams to take university-level civics classes.
Thousands in Moscow chant Russia without Putin
American jailed in United Arab Emirates for Facebook posts made in the USA
UK should begin decriminalising drugs, say Richard Branson and Nick Clegg
Study Confirms That Abstinence Education Has Utterly Failed At Preventing AIDS In Africa
Lockheed Martin Claims Sustainable Fusion Is Within Its Grasp
Indian news channel NDTV left its screen blank for an hour on Sunday evening in protest of the ban on Indias Daughter, a documentary about the 2012 Delhi rape.
The White House on Monday sharply rebuked nearly four dozen Republican senators who sent a letter to Iranian leaders just as nuclear negotiations reach a pivotal moment, characterizing the correspondence as an illegitimate interference in President Obamas foreign policy.
Pope Francis has called for greater transparency in politics and said elections should be free from backers who fund campaigns in order to prevent policy being influenced by wealthy sponsors.
A 42-year-old woman running for mayor in a violent southwestern Mexican state has been kidnapped and decapitated.
German anti-vaccer wagers  100,000 to anyone proving the existance of the measles virus. Researcher sends him articles proving the virus' existance and takes him to court where he's ordered to pay the full amount.
Anonymous released 9,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names to apply pressure on Twitter for suspending them
Irish no-frills airline Ryanair confirmed its board has approved plans to start flying low-cost transatlantic routes starting from $14 in the next five years.
Pentagon loses track of $500 million in weapons, equipment given to Yemen
New Alzheimers treatment fully restores memory function - Australian researchers have come up with a non-invasive ultrasound technology that clears the brain of neurotoxic amyloid plaques
France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation
U.K. Government rejects immunity for public officials who blow whistle on child sex abuse
Airliner crashes in French Alps
There was no tape draped across a finish line, but NASA is celebrating a win. The agency's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity completed its first Red Planet marathon Tuesday -- 26.219 miles (42.195 kilometers) - with a finish time of roughly 11 years and two months.
Germanwings Pilot Was Locked Out of Cockpit Before Crash in France
WikiLeaks Reveals TPP Proposal Allowing Corporations to Sue Nations
The president and CEO of The Associated Press has called for changes to international laws that would make it a war crime to kill journalists or take them hostage
Facebook 'tracks all visitors, breaching EU law' - People without Facebook accounts, logged out users, and EU users who have explicitly opted out of tracking are all being tracked, report says
Indian Army team heads for Mt.Everest to bring down 4,000kg of trash left by climbers.
With 1st Nationwide Fracking Law, Germany Approaches A Ban - "As long as the risks cannot be fully evaluated, fracking will be banned."
Top ISIS leader who was once Saddam general killed in Fallujah
Russian fighter's confession that he killed 15 Ukrainian prisoners of war may be considered evidence of war crimes
Easter vault raiders steal up to 200million: Hatton Garden gem thieves cut through roof and disabled alarm system before abseiling down lift shaft to loot 300 safety deposit boxes over four days
U.S. Legalization of Marijuana Has Hit Mexican Cartels' Border Trade
The biggest extinction event in planetary history was driven by the rapid acidification of our oceans, a new study concludes. So much carbon was released into the atmosphere, and the oceans absorbed so much of it so quickly, that marine life simply died off, from the bottom of the food chain up.
IKEA Will Produce &amp; Ship 10,000 Flat-Pack Emergency Shelters Around the World
A federal judge in Washington handed down a life sentence to the first of four Blackwater Worldwide guards to be sentenced in the 2007 shooting that killed 14 unarmed Iraqis and injured others in a Baghdad traffic circle.
Obama Removes Cuba From State Sponsor of Terror List
Japan overtakes China as top holder of US Treasury Debt
France wants to fight terrorism by spying on everyone - Prime minister says proposed surveillance law 'is not a French Patriot Act,' but civil liberties groups say it goes too far
ISIS, Taliban announced Jihad against each other - Khaama Press (KP)
Astronomers have discovered what they say is the largest known structure in the universe: an incredibly big hole. The supervoid, as it is known, is a spherical blob 1.8 billion light years across that is distinguished by its unusual emptiness.
Austria Recognizes Armenian Genocide
Worlds most powerful telescope set to launch in 2018 - NASA is building the biggest telescope the world has ever seen, and it will give scientists the opportunity to 'see' cosmic events that occurred 13.5 billion years ago - just 220 million years following the Big Bang
Ireland set to examine possibility of decriminalizing cannabis
At least 3,218 people are now known to have died in a massive earthquake which hit Nepal on Saturday
Russia cuts nuclear arms stockpiles to minimal levels fulfilling all points of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons... making a considerable contribution to the process of comprehensive and complete disarmament.
"We've Just Rescued Over 200 Girls In A Daring Attack On Boko Haram Hideout In Sambisa"- Nigerian Army
Four month old baby pulled alive from Nepal rubble 22 hours after parents lost him during earthquake
New Test Suggests NASA's "Impossible" EM Drive Will Work In Space - The EM appears to violate conventional physics and the law of conservation of momentum; the engine converts electric power to thrust without the need for any propellant by bouncing microwaves within a closed container.
Russian Official Severely Beaten After Reporting Electoral Fraud
Qatar detained German reporters investigating FIFA World Cup | Journalists from Germanys biggest television networks were reportedly detained, questioned and not allowed to leave Qatar for days while working on a story about FIFA President &amp; Dohas vexed nomination for the 2022 football World Cup.
U.S. government has authorized commercial ferry service to Cuba
Someone stole $1 billion from Moldova. That's an eighth of its GDP
Video: After almost 1,000,000 votes for the UK Green Party and only 1 seat won, their elected Rt. Hon. Caroline Lucas calls for Proportional Representation voting in the UK
Pope Francis said Monday that "many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war". "Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms. It's the industry of death".
Earthquake strikes again - felt in India and Nepal. 7.1 magnitude on richter scale.
Japan struck by 6.7 magnitude earthquake. After shocks expected.
Canada Aboriginals Reject $960 Million Petronas Gas Deal. An aboriginal group along Canadas Pacific Coast turned down Petroliam Nasional Bhd.s offer of C$319,000 ($267,000) for each member as compensation for building a natural gas export terminal on ancestral lands.
NASA Finds Antarctic Ice Shelf a Few Years From Disintegration
Saudi Arabia had made the strategic decision to purchase a nuclear weapon from Pakistan amid the ongoing negotiations over Irans nuclear program, a former American defense official said said in a report today in The Sunday Times.
World Cup sponsors urged to bail over 'horrific' treatment of workers in Qatar
Banks fined $5.7bn over foreign exchange rigging - live updates | Regulators are announcing penalties against some of the worlds biggest banks for their role in manipulating the foreign exchange markets.
Brazil blogger known for reporting on corruption found decapitated
France to force big supermarkets to give away unsold food to charity
Wikipedia edits from inside Parliament removing scandals from MPs' pages, investigation finds.
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says the NSA whistleblower gave up his own life . . . to help the rest of us".
Nike becomes suspected player in alleged $150 million FIFA bribery scandal
Video footage showing trucks belonging to Turkey's intelligence service carrying weapons en route to Jihadists in Syria were published Friday in a Turkish daily.The trucks were carrying a total of 1000 mortar shells, 80000 rounds of ammunition for heavy weapons and hundreds of grenade launchers
Nigeria Outlaws Female Genital Mutilation
Fifa corruption: Qatar says investigations are racist, anti-Arab and show 'ugly face' of countries who lost 2022 World Cup bid
Japan lowers voting age from 20 to 18.
US Official: Over 10,000 ISIS fighters killed in nine months but they have all been replaced.
Navy halts live fire explosive exercises off Vancouver Island after being alerted to a pod of Orcas, including 3 calves, in vicinity; praised for being responsive
For the first time in Mexican history, a state will be governed by an independent candidate, without any party support.
British 'world-record sniper' says he can still see and smell the people he killed in his nightmares - Sgt Craig Harrison holds the longest confirmed sniper kill but developed post-traumatic stress disorder after his deployment in the Balkans
Members of a U.N. peacekeeping mission engaged in "transactional sex" with more than 225 Haitian women who said they needed to do so to obtain things like food and medication, a sign that sexual exploitation remains significantly underreported in such missions
Medical marijuana legal in all forms, Supreme Court rules (Canada)
Newly-surfaced video footage corroborates widespread assertions that the Turkish government's intelligence agency has been ensuring ISIL terrorists safe passage into Syria
Just minutes ago, a North Korean soldier walked across the border within the DMZ to defect to South Korea
A rising tide does not lift all boats: IMF study shows wealth does not 'trickle-down' as many economists believe. IMF recommends countries should concentrate on helping the poorest 20% of citizens.
Wal-Mart Has $76 Billion in Overseas Tax Havens, Report Says
Sweden announces first centre for raped men
Germany agreed Thursday to turn more than 60 former military bases into nature preserves, with the aim of creating vast new green oases and sanctuaries for rare species of birds
Poaching has reached an all-time high. 96 elephants are killed a day on average.
Doctors have voted overwhelmingly to urge the UK Government to remove health and social care services (the NHS) from a controversial trade agreement between the EU and United States (TTIP) | Doctors warned the deal would open up the health service to privatisation by US firms
Alberta passes bill banning corporate and union donations to political parties
South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition -- just ask for it
Man beheaded and Islamist flag raised in Grenoble, France
'Blind agreement' and closed-door deals: Report slams TPP negotiations
US now has more Spanish speakers than Spain  only Mexico has more
Cuba first to eliminate mother-to-baby HIV transmission: World Health Organization hails 'one of the greatest public health achievements possible', five years into regional initiative
Saudi prince to give away $32bn. He said he had been inspired by the Gates Foundation, set up by Bill and Melinda Gates in 1997. The money would be used to "foster cultural understanding", "empower women", and "provide vital disaster relief", among other things, he said.
Official: Greeks say NO to austerity measures
Report: 45 ISIS fighters die after eating 'poisoned' iftar meal
Teen Guilty Of Hacking PlayStation Network. A teenager who helped to ruin Christmas for millions of children by shutting down the PlayStation and Xbox networks has been convicted of 50,700 offences.
FIFA imposes lifetime ban on former member, informant, and whistle blower, Chuck Blazer
Pirate Bay Founders Acquitted in Criminal Copyright Case
Beijing effectively bans Tibetans and other ethnic minorities from obtaining passports, Human Rights Watch said Monday, amid a surge in Chinese tourists travelling abroad
Hadron collider discovers new particle the pentaquark
EU law that could make UK internet porn filters illegal is heading for a vote
British Columbia has a strong appetite for marijuana reform with more than 70% of respondents to a new poll urging either legalization or decriminalization. The Insights West survey found 67% said they support outright legalization, 28% opposed it and 5% were undecided.
Saudi royals illegally close off French public beach
Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life
George Clooney seeks to expose those who fund and profit from wars in Africa: The Oscar winner has launched a project with US human rights activist John Prendergast to investigate the flow of money in and out of conflict zones
Leaked emails between Italian spyware vendor Hacking Team and Boeing subsidiary Insitu revealed that drones carrying malware to infect targeted computers via Wi-Fi by flying over their proximity is close to becoming a reality.
Dolphins are struggling to reproduce because of industrial chemical pollution in European waters that can linger in the animals' bodies for a lifetime
NASA discovers another Earth like planet in the Milky Way galaxy - Planet Kepler-452b, the first near-Earth-size world to be found in the habitable zone of star that is similar to our sun.
Musk, Wozniak and Hawking urge ban on AI and autonomous weapons: Over 1,000 high-profile artificial intelligence experts and leading researchers have signed an open letter warning of a military artificial intelligence arms race and calling for a ban on offensive autonomous weapons.
American dentist named as the hunter that killed beloved Cecil the lion.
Dentist who killed Cecil the lion faces calls for prosecution - US uproar over death of protected animal forces Walter Palmers practice to close, as two others attend Zimbabwean court to face poaching charges.
Rio's waters are so filthy that 2016 Olympians risk becoming violently ill and unable to compete
The Canadian government has announced it intends to ban microbeads used in personal care products, after a scientific review found that the tiny particles pose a potential risk to the environment.
'Ultimate Frisbee' recognised by International Olympic Committee
Iraq is rushing to digitize its national library under the threat of ISIS
China says TPP should be transparent, open
iTunes is illegal under UK copyright law - The Intellectual Property Office today explains that ripping a CD in iTunes is no longer permitted, and neither is backing up your computer if it contains copyrighted content.
Brazilian radio host famous for exposing corruption in his city murdered while broadcasting live on the air by two gunmen.
Mexican missing student activist who led search parties after the disappearance of 43 students is killed.
Google to reorganize into new company called Alphabet
India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles.
Huge explosion reported in Chinese port city of Tianjin
CNN &amp; CBC Sued For Pirating 31 Second YouTube Video - In addition to claims of copyright infringement, the media giants face allegations that they breached the anti-circumvention measures of the DMCA.
GPS Trackers In Fake Elephant Tusks Reveal Ivory Smuggling Route
Afghan military interpreter who served with British forces in Afghanistan and was denied refuge in Britain has been executed
Paris shooting survivor suing French media for giving away his location while he hid from shooters
ISIS beheads 81-year-old pioneer archaeologist and foremost scholar on ancient Syria. Held captive for 1 month, he refused to tell ISIS the location of the treasures of Palmyra unto death.
Kim Jong Un orders North Korea military to prepare for war (from Friday at 5 PM)
Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest
The first UN privacy chief has said the world needs a Geneva convention style law for the internet to safeguard data and combat the threat of massive clandestine digital surveillance.
Switzerland has completed the construction of the 57 km long Gotthard Base Tunnel, connecting Milan to Zurich
India just turned off mobile internet for 63 million citizens amid protests in Ahmedabad
Canada will not sign a Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal that would allow Japanese vehicles into North America with fewer parts manufactured here, says Ed Fast, the federal minister of international trade.
Mysterious Wooden Idol Found in Russia is 11,000 years old, The Shigir Idol is twice as old as the Pyramids and Stonehenge - and is by far the oldest wooden structure in the world. Covered in a code no one can decipher.
Canada officially in recession
Pakistan allows Taliban to meet, choose leader: Defying warnings from Washington and the fury of Afghanistan's government, Pakistani authorities are turning a blind eye to a meeting of hundreds of Taliban supporters in Quetta.
The Democratic Republic of Congo has banned a film about Congolese surgeon Denis Mukwege, who has treated thousands of women raped during conflict. "There is a clear intent to harm and sully the image of our army."
Jordan has a population of 6 million, but have taken in 1.5 million refugees. All with little protest or mass global coverage.
Homeopathy conference in Germany ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug
Sometimes, 7-8 men raped us in one daywe thought we were going to die, says woman rescued from Saudi diplomats home in India
National Geographic sold to Fox
Child poverty in Scotland is now so severe that teachers are being sent advice on how to spot if a child in their class is going hungry
Malcom Turnbull becomes Prime Minister of Australia after Tony Abbott rejected by Liberal party
Egyptian Billionaire who wants to purchase private islands to house refugees, has identified potential locations and is now in talks to purchase two private Greek islands
Tuna and mackerel populations suffer catastrophic 74% decline, research shows
Efficiency up, turnover down: Sweden experiments with six-hour working day | World news | The Guardian
Brazil's Supreme Court has banned corporate contributions to political campaigns and parties
Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent.
Another drug Cycloserine sees a 2000% price jump overnight as patent sold to pharmaceutical company. The ensuing backlash caused the companies to reverse their deal. Expert says If it weren't for all of the negative publicity the original 2,000 per cent price hike would still stand.
Pharmaceuticals CEO who raised HIV drug price by 5,000% 'also hiked cost of pill taken by children with incurable kidney disease'
Canadian mining company Barrick Gold leaks a million liters of cyanide into river in Argentina
U.S. drug company sues Canada for trying to lower cost of $700K-a-year drug.
NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars
Canada tries to cut cost of US drug, gets sued
Germany has translated the first 20 articles of the country's constitution, which outline basic rights like freedom of speech, into Arabic for refugees to help them integrate.
France threatens to walk away from TTIP negotiations saying a "total lack of transparency" in TTIP talks poses a "democratic problem".
Saudi Arabia insists UN keeps LGBT rights out of its development goals - "The Saudi Foreign Minister says LGBT rights are 'counter to Islamic law' "
Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal Is Reached
BP fined a record $20.8 billion for oil spill disaster
Norwegian Air CEO Says $69 Flights From U.S. to Europe Coming Soon
Saudi Arabia: Employer chops off hand of Indian maid for trying to escape torture
Today, 9 October, 2015 WikiLeaks releases the final negotiated text for the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. The TPP encompasses 12 nations representing more than 40 per cent of global GDP.
Facebook paid 4,327 of UK corporation tax in 2014
CIA torture survivors sue psychologists who designed infamous program
Palm oil company caught destroying primary forest in endangered ecosystem
Turing Pharmaceuticals, the drug company that jacked up the price of AIDS and cancer drug 5,000%, is now facing an antitrust probe.
Over 100 anti-TTIP Protesters Arrested in Brussels.Demonstrators said the TTIP is death, claiming it will lower standards of living and damge the environment, while benefiting huge multinationals.
Japan furious at UNESCO listing Nanjing Massacre documents | Japan may halt funding for UNESCO over the organization's decision to include documents relating to the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in the latest listing for its "Memory of the World" program.
Canadians elect Liberal majority. Ending Stephen Harpers 9 year rule.
Europe Already Beat Its 2020 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Target
Canada's move to legalize marijuana would be the most high-profile rebuke of international drug treaties to date, exposing "a huge hole in the treaties, making more nations comfortable with the idea of legalization."
Hurricane Patricia is now measured to be the strongest Hurricane we have ever seen
College applications in UK to become anonymous "to prevent unconscious bias against candidates from minority groups"
Exxon Knew about Climate Change Almost 40 Years Ago - A new investigation shows the oil company understood the science before it became a public issue and spent millions to promote misinformation.
The star witness in a case pitting rainforest villagers against a multinational oil giant has admitted to lying under oath in an effort to help Chevron avoid paying a $9.5 billion judgment for deliberate pollution of the Ecuadorian Amazon
By 285 votes to 281, MEPs decide to call on EU member states to "drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden"
Isis shuts down all women's clinics, threatens male gynaecologists with death
Ireland plans to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of drugs, including heroin, cocaine and cannabis
Airport Security in the Philippines Have Been Putting Bullets in Luggage to Extort Passengers
NASA set to announce another big finding on Mars this Thursday.
Full text of the TPP has just been released.
Mexicos Supreme Court rules that smoking pot is a fundamental human right
Catalan parliament votes to secede from Spain by 2017
Belgium Tells Facebook to Stop Storing Data From Non-Users - Facebook faces a fine of 250,000 euros ($269,000) a day if it doesnt comply
What the Internet hates about the TPP trade deal: After years of warning that the secretive TPP would be devastating for Internet freedom, intellectual property experts have finally gotten to look at the final draft of the proposed treaty. And they say its as bad as they feared
UK becomes only G7 country to increase fossil fuel subsidies - Tory government is giving billions in ever increasing handouts to oil and gas majors at the same time as cutting support for clean energy, report reveals
Brazil Seeks To Copy U.S. Gun Culture "to allow embattled citizens the right to defend themselves from criminals"
France Drops 20 Bombs On IS Stronghold Raqqa
The Dalai Lama on terrorist attacks: "We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. ... I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. So let us work for peace ... and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments."
Reports of gun fire, possible explosions near Saint-Denis area of Paris, France
Paris attacks ringleader dead - French officials
Fighters in Syria are on steady doses of an amphetamine called Captagon. This allows them "stay up for days, killing with a numb, reckless abandon." Side effects include "psychosis and brain damage"
Russia Bans Scientology
Putin calls Turkey 'accomplices of terrorists' after Russian jet shot down
I gave the order myself  Turkish PM on downing Russian plane
Saudi Arabia just promised to sue anyone who compares their justice system to Isis
Air pollution reached hazardous levels in Beijing on Sunday, prompting the city to upgrade to the second-highest alert for the first time in 13 months on the same day that the Chinese government said it has met pollution-reduction targets for the year
Amnesty International says Qatar has done "almost nothing effective to end chronic labour exploitation" since it was chosen five years ago to host the football World Cup in 2022.
Quebec Judge issues $1 fine for possessing 30 cannabis plants, calls marijuana laws obsolete
UK Parliament Vote in Favor of Airstrikes in Syria
World's largest Muslim group, Sunni movement launches anti extremism campaign
Beijing has issued its first ever Red Alert over smog, and the city is going into complete shutdown
Resistance to last-resort antibiotic has now spread across globe
Saudi Arabia accused of trying to wreck Paris climate deal - One of the worlds largest oil producers is getting in the way of a deal and making implausible objections, say delegates and campaigners
"The US State Department has approved a $1.29 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, which includes as many as 13,000 precision guided weapons or smart bombs. The sale comes as Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi airstrikes in Yemen 'have indiscriminately killed and injured civilians.'"
France will not ban Wi-Fi or Tor, prime minister says: "Internet is a freedom, is an extraordinary means of communication between people, it is a benefit to the economy," Valls added
Saudi Arabia elects up to 17 female councillors in historic election
Just miles from the US border, Lexmark fires 90 long-term employees who asked for their pay to be increased by 6 pesos to 120 pesos ($7) a day.
Donald Trump loses Scottish windfarm appeal
Martin Schkreli - Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000% - has been arrested
Models must have doctor's note to prove they are not too thin, France rules
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been suspended for eight years from all football-related activities following an ethics investigation.
SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket successfully lands upright.
New law in India would try teens as adults for rape, murder
Brazil declares emergency after 2,400 babies are born with brain damage, possibly due to mosquito-borne virus "This is an unprecedented situation, unprecedented in world scientific research," Brazil's health ministry said in a statement on its website
Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to teach German to 196,000 child refugees
Pentagon thwarts Obama's effort to close Guantanamo
Tech companies face criminal charges if they notify users of UK government spying
Microsoft Corp said on Wednesday it will begin warning users of its Outlook.com email service when the company suspects that a government has been trying to hack into their accounts.
Saudi Arabia breaks off ties with Iran - Amid row over Saudi execution of Shia cleric
Dutch government backs strong encryption, condemns backdoors
China shuts down stock market after 15 min 7% loss.
Reports of sexual assaults on women across European cities, including Cologne, Hamburg, Zrich, Salzburg, Helsinki during NYE festivities
El Chapo' Being Taken to Same Prison He Escaped from Six Months Ago
Iran removes core of Arak heavy water nuclear reactor and fills it with concrete, fulfilling one of its key obligations in the nuclear deal
Oil Falls Below $30/Barrel for First Time Since December 2003
Explosions heard in Indonesian capital - in Jakarta, with reports of casualties.
No. of crimes in Japan falls to postwar low in 2015. 933 murder for a 127M population. Teenage crimes numbers lower than 65yo+.
China to participate in UN sanctions against N.Korea
ISIS destroys Iraq's oldest Assyrian Christian monastery that stood for over 1,400 years
The solar system appears to have a new ninth planet. Today, two scientists announced evidence that a body nearly the size of Neptunebut as yet unseenorbits the sun every 15,000 years.
A Danish city has ordered pork to be mandatory on municipal menus, including for schools and daycare centers, with politicians insisting the move is necessary for preserving the country's food traditions and is not an attack on Muslim
Pregnant women are being warned not to travel to the Olympics in Brazil after a virus causing thousands of babies to be born with unusually small heads swept through the region.
Sri Lanka destroys huge illegal ivory haul - Govt publicly destroys biggest ever illegal ivory haul in bid to show poachers it will not tolerate the violent trade. Sri Lanka also becomes worlds 1st country to apologize for complicity in the illegal killing of elephants.
United Nations panel finds evidence that Saudi-led coalition has conducted widespread air strikes against civilian targets, in violation of international law
The ISIS encrypted messaging app, widely reported in the media as a tool for plotting terrorist attacks, does not exist
Young people in England have 'lowest literacy levels' in developed world says OECD
A 13-year-old girl from a Russian-speaking community in Berlin was not kidnapped and sexually assaulted by immigrant men as previously reported, but simply spent the night with an acquaintance.
Canada moving ahead with plans to ditch first-past-the-post electoral system. "FPTP suited for fledgling democracies, mature democracies can do better," says minister in charge of reform.
TPP "fundamentally flawed", should be resisted - Human Rights Expert
Nuclear fusion device's 1st test with hydrogen declared a success
France has become the first country in the world to ban supermarkets from throwing away or destroying unsold food, forcing them instead to donate it to charities and food banks.
Denmarks justice minister admitted on Friday that the US sent a rendition flight to Copenhagen Airport that was meant to capture whistleblower Edward Snowden and return him to the United States
North Korea satellite 'tumbling in orbit,' U.S. official says: The satellite North Korea fired into space on Sunday is "tumbling in orbit" and incapable of functioning in any useful way
Australia introduces "Netflix tax" legislation to parliament. With hopes of placing a tax on all foreign digital goods.
British ISIS fighter who called himself 'Superman' but returned to the UK because Syria was too cold is jailed for seven years
Gravitational waves from black holes detected
150,000 penguins killed after giant iceberg renders colony landlocked
Faced with a cash shortage in its so-called caliphate, the Islamic State group has slashed salaries across the region, asked Raqqa residents to pay utility bills in black market American dollars, and is now releasing detainees for a price of $500 a person.
Colombian prison drain pipes yield over 100 dismembered corpses
Obama Going to Cuba; First Visit by U.S. President in 88 Years
Britain will vote on whether to remain in the EU on the 23rd of June
WikiLeaks publishes docs showing that the NSA bugged meetings between Ban Ki-Moon and Merkel, Netanyahu, Berlusconi, between key EU and Japanese ministers discussing their secret trade red-lines at WTO negotiations, as well as details of a private meeting between Sarkozy, Merkel and Berlusconi
Fuel has gotten so cheap that ships are now choosing to take the long way around Africa rather then pay the fees to transit the Suez Canal.
Beijing now has more billionaires than New York
770,000 names deleted from voter register in change to registration rules as critics claim Tories are rigging the system
Saudi man gets 10 years, 2,000 lashes over atheist tweets
China just announced one of the largest single layoffs in history. 1.8 Million people will lose their job.
"A young British woman has become one of the first cancer patients to be injected with a new vaccine designed to stimulate the immune system so that it destroys tumours wherever they have spread in the body."
North Korea launches short-range missiles into Sea of Japan hours after UN Sanctions
Kim Jong-un orders nuclear weapons to be made ready for use
China bans depictions of gay people, adultery, one night stands, cleavage and reincarnation on television
An indigenous community in the Peruvian Amazon took at least eight public officials hostage to demand help from the central government after an oil spill polluted its lands, authorities said Monday.
Russia has warned North Korea that threats to deliver preventive nuclear strikes could create a legal basis for the use of military force against the country
Apple: 'FBI could force us to turn on iPhone cameras and microphones'
The robots sent into Fukushima have "died". As soon as they get close to the reactors, the radiation destroys their wiring and renders them useless,
U.S. says North Korean submarine missing
Italy changes law to make all supermarkets give unsold food to needy
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. for return of money
US State Dept declares ISIS is committing genocide in Iraq, Syria
TTIP: secrecy around talks is 'profoundly undemocratic', MPs say. A German MP said she was given only two hours to read 300 pages
Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam shot and wounded in Brussels anti-terror raid
Netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners.
The International Criminal Court Recognises Rape as a War Crime
Japan's whaling fleet returns from Antarctic with 333 minke whales including pregnant females
Russian soldier surrounded by ISIS calls in airstrikes on himself
An aerial survey of the northern Great Barrier Reef in Australia has shown that 95 per cent of the reefs are now severely bleached and about half of the corals are expected to die in the coming month.
EgyptAir Domestic Flight From Alexandria to Cairo Hijacked, Lands in Cyprus
Hundreds of thousands of leaked emails reveal massively widespread corruption in global oil industry
Amnesty Int. has accused Qatar of using forced labor at World Cup stadium. Amnesty says workers are forced to live in squalid conditions, pay huge recruitment fees, have wages and passports withheld. It accuses Fifa of "failing almost completely" to stop the tournament "built on human rights abuses"
Reddit deletes surveillance 'warrant canary' in transparency report
2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
China announces sanctions on North Korea
The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
David Cameron personally intervened to prevent tax crackdown on offshore trusts
David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Cameron's offshore investment fund
Fifty four large investors managing 1 trillion pounds ($1.41 trillion) in assets have launched a campaign to curb the use of antibiotics in the meat and poultry.
Air France's gay stewards refuse to go to Iran, where homosexuality is punishable by death
First Interstellar Probe Mission Announced: Breakthrough Starshot Will Accelerate Tiny Probes to Alpha Centauri 20 Years After Launch
Saudi Arabia strips religious police of arresting power
A witness to the disappearance of 43 Mexican students in 2014 has told investigators that federal and municipal police were present when the youths were forced from their bus, according to the countrys national human rights commission.
Brazilian congress votes to impeach president Dilma Rousseff
British govt poo-poos winning 'Boaty McBoatface' name for ship - After Internet users overwhelmingly voted to christen Britain's new $300 million research ship "Boaty McBoatface" in an online naming poll, a govt official suggests the name won't be used.
Pacific Bluefin Tuna: Population Drops 97% Due to Overfishing
Declassified memo shows multiple Saudi connections to 9/11 plotters: flight certificate of Al Qaeda operative found in envelope from the Saudi Embassy in DC
The Netherlands to decriminalize insulting heads of state
Missing Mexican Students Suffered a Night of Terror, Investigators Say: An international panel has provided details of the night in 2014 when Mexican police and gunmen abducted 43 students who have not been seen since.
England's Doctors Walk Out of Emergency Wards in First Ever All-Out Strike
A 1.4GB leak of internal documents from Qatar National Bank gives data on al-Jazeera journalists, the ruling family and British 'spies'
Airstrike destroys Doctors Without Borders hospital in Aleppo, killing staff and patients
VW and Shell try to block EU push for electric cars
Puerto Rico says it will default on Monday
France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an "irreversible" process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make life-saving drugs more affordable
Wildfire destroying Fort McMurray, most of city evacuated
India plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests
'We need a revolt against the fossil fuel industry': Tesla chief says educating the public on climate issues is essential in countering oil and gas lobbys influence over big political decisions
Tax havens have no justification, say top economists, calling for their abolition | More than 300 economists are urging world leaders at a London summit this week to recognise that there is no economic benefit to tax havens, demanding that the veil of secrecy that surrounds them be lifted.
Panama Papers include dozens of Americans tied to financial frauds
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key thrown out of Parliament for disobeying the Speaker during an exchange about the Panama Papers, which have revealed links between Mossack Fonseca and New Zealand's secretive foreign trust industry
India has slashed prices of 54 essential medicines by up to 55%, including commonly used drugs for cancer, hypertension, diabetes and other heart disorders.
Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into Saudi Arabia, Chilling story of the Saudi diplomat who, many on the commissions staff believed, had been a ringleader of a Saudi government spy network inside the US that gave support to at least two of the 9/11 hijackers
Iran is arresting models who pose without headscarves on Instagram
After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday.
Scientists Find A Weak Spot In HIV That May Pave the Way to a Vaccine
EgyptAir Flight MS804 disappears from radar during Paris-Cairo flight
LinkedIn just revealed that the 2012 breach that compromised the accounts of 6.5 million users actually hit more than 100 million users.
'It keeps happening,' rape survivor says: Protests against American military presence in Japan continued on Saturday, as the countrys defense minister lodged a formal complaint over the latest case of alleged murder and rape of a young Japanese woman by a US military base employee
Colombia has fired more than 1000 police officers in a massive crackdown on corruption
Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia
Greek news sites are reporting that Aristotle's tomb was found.
Thailand has shut down 10 popular diving sites in a bid to slow a coral bleaching crisis, an official said Thursday, in a rare move to shun tourism profits to protect the environment
Every reference to the Great Barrier Reef removed from UN report on impact of climate change after intervention from Australian government.
Forty tiger cub bodies have been found in a freezer at a Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse.
Germany recognizes the Armenian Genocide
A seven-year-old boy who went missing in bear-inhabited forests in northern Japan after his parents said they abandoned him as punishment, has been found alive, according to local reports.
Nearly 60% of Qatar population live in 'labour camps'
Five Men in India Have Been Convicted for the Gang Rape of a Danish Tourist
UN Removes Saudi Arabia From Human Rights Blacklist After Just A Week, Faces Backlash - Rights groups accuse UN of flip-flopping &amp; giving into political manipulation.
Vandals Destroy 8,000-Yr-Old Aboriginal Artworks in Tasmania - The priceless rock art is damaged beyond repair
U.N. Chief Admits He Removed Saudi Arabia From Child-Killer List Due to Extortion
A Dutch woman who alleged she was raped after being drugged in an upscale nightclub in Doha was convicted of having sex out of wedlock by a Qatari court on Monday and given a one-year suspended sentence.
Gay Chinese man sues mental hospital for trying to cure him with drugs and beatings
ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn
Decriminalisation Call As 'War On Drugs' Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment.
MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack
A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food
An Australian athlete who has competed in six Paralympic Games has been robbed at gunpoint in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Liesl Tesch said a man brandishing a gun pushed her off her bicycle and stole it on Sunday.
German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely
Today The United Kingdom decides whether to remain in the European Union, or leave
David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum
Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8%
2,500 Scientists To Australia: If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal
Explosion At Airport In Istanbul
Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation: The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay
A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
